Glaxo Pre - tax profit 376 mln stg vs 260 mln in six months to end - December 
net assets being acquired come to around nine mln stg .
TransCanada said the offer is to dome management , not to shareholders . 
it also has tax credits worth about 2 . 5 billion dlrs . 
but Dome added that its management and financial advisers will evaluate all proposals . 
" i find ( Dome ' s statement ) very bothersome . 
Dome common shares closed at 1 . 13 dlrs on Friday on the Toronto stock exchange . 
the traders estimated the surplus today at about 1 , 800 billion yen .
the lower dollar ought to have made U . S . exports 40 pct more competitive in Japan .
the officials , most of them economists , can offer no objective reason why they are not .
so worst of all , what if Volcker is correct ? 
if you make an effort , there is money to be made in japan ," he added .
publicly , Japanese officials remain conciliatory in the face of what they see as U . S . 
in private , they blame U . S . industry for being uncompetitive . 
" we like to refrain from accusing them of not making enough effort ."
and resorting to higher interest rates could lead to recession , he said .
Baker , Darman said , was committed to stabilizing currencies at current levels . 
West Germany and Japan , meanwhile , agreed to stimulate domestic demand and lead a global upturn . 
the sources said they believed Baker saw it as a major action . 
Schmahl also said West Germany would have to expect further encroachments of foreign goods onto its markets . 
the offer and withdrawal rights expire May 15 unless extended . 
it was the third major mine accident in the country in less than a week . 
thirty four workers died in methane gas explosion at a coal mine last Thursday . 
Darman said such negotiations with newly industrialized countries were underway privately . 
Sosnoff said he believes terms of his offer are superior to Caesars ' recapitalization . 
he said his offer has been extended based on the likely duration of the regulatory process .
the CLA would then report back to the commerce ministry , which had requested the enquiry . 
industry sources told Reuters reports that the companies ' tea import licences had been suspended were incorrect . 
the centre - right administration had made economic growth reform a priority in its 17 months in office . 
the PSD administration was the 16th formed since the 1974 revolution . 
many businessmen said they strongly favoured quick elections as the best solution .
Royex on march 31 offered to buy four mln corona shares . 
it also bid for all Corona warrants expiring aug 31 , 1987 . 
independence now owns about 40 pct of South Atlantic ' s 9 . 8 mln primary common shares . 
it said proxy materials are expected to be mailed this quarter .
the pipeline said Southwestern producers account for 46 pct of its total available gas supply this year . 
Glatfelter co says it will buy Ecusta corp for 149 mln dlrs in cash 
sight deposits are an important measure of money market liquidity in Switzerland . 
these rates were in all cases unchanged from previous intervention levels .
Goodyear said it will report first quarter results April 27 . 
the Mill Produces and Converts Paper products used by the domestic and foreign tobacco industry . 
Glatfelter said it expects to close the deal by May 31 . 
the figures cover around 95 pct of Rotterdam traffic in the products concerned . 
1987 six months includes charge of 115 , 000 dlrs due to reversal of investment tax credits . 
given virtual zero inflation in West Germany such fears may seem exaggerated , they said . 
the DIW institute said monetary policy should not be focused simply on growth of production potential . 
the price change was decided upon last week and will be effective today , he said .
the board of the holding company will have an equal number of directors from each institution .
" unlike many recent combinations , this merger has no acquisition premium associated with it ," Blampied said . 
Boston Five has assets of 1 . 9 billion dlrs and 35 officers . 
Neworld has assets of 1 . 2 billion dlrs and 24 officers in Massachusetts . 
the company ' s stock is currently trading at 19 - 1 / 4 .
1987 1st quarter revenues include Rockport revenues of 31 mln dlrs . 
1986 1st quarter amounts do not include Rockport , as Reebok acuqired that company in October 1986 . 
Richards is a privately - owned New York - based executive recruitment firm . 
the agreement is subject to approval of Blue Arrow shareholders .
after the offering , Reebok will have 56 . 1 mln shares outstanding . 
Reebok ' s stock was selling at 45 - 1 / 2 , up 1 / 8 . 
Pentland said it has not chosen to participate in this over allotment .
the index also gained 0 . 4 pct in the preceding month . 
the cattle are for delivery may , 1987 - October , 1988 , it said . 
Joske ' s has 26 stores in Texas and one in Arizona . 
allied stores is required to pay 200 mln dlrs in bank debt by June 30 . 
NCR Corp plans additional new product announcements this year , it said without elaborating . 
it said Stearn ' s president and controller had resigned . 
Stearns is a unit of foster ' s Conergic corp subsidiary . 
Stearns , based in Crowley , Texas , makes airport baggage conveyor equipment and passenger loading bridges . 
its reported revenues for the period ended December 26 , 1986 of 1 . 3 billion dlrs . 
the company said a detailed audit and investigation is continuing .
a company spokesman declined to comment further on the investigation .
spotty germination and winterkill in those fields averaged 10 to 30 pct , it said .
so far , none of the soviet ships are known to have been attacked by Iran . 
this reduced interest income by 1 . 5 mln dlrs .
the provision for loan losses was 87 . 2 mln dlrs , compared with 83 . 8 mln .
it said the sale leaves it with 108 Gencorp common shares . 
it holds 19 . 9 pct of Borg - Warner ' s stock . 
but some of these gains were offset by low levels of interest rates .
national Westminster bank USA is a wholly - owned subsidiary of national Westminster Bank Plc . 
De Benedetti said last week that his group was negotiating a purchase of an unidentified Italian food firm . 
Revlon group agrees to merge with MacAndrews and Forbes group for 20 . 10 dlrs / shr cash 
the government forecasts annual inflation of about eight pct this year .
it said it received an option from three principal shareholders for 40 pct of county ' s outstanding .
the acquisition is expected in the third quarter of 1987 and is subject to regulatory and shareholder approvals .
Micro General Corp & Lt 4th qtr loss period ended December 28 . 
most analysts said they were pleasantly surprised by IBM ' s performance . 
" we remain optimistic about the prospects for both the industry and IBM ," he said . 
" Akers was most encouraging ," said Painewebber ' s smith . 
the platform is now expected to be installed in the summer of 1988 .
Revlon said its board of directors unanimously approved the merger agreement . 
the companies said the tender offer and withdrawal rights will expire on Tuesday April 28 , unless extended .
MacAndrews said it will promptly file revised tender offer material with the securities and exchange commission .
Drexel Burnham Lambert inc is acting as dealer - manager for the offer , the companies said .
but , the companies said these lawsuits have been settled in the amended offer .
it did not specify Arthurs - Jones ' 1986 revenues .
the closing date is expected to be May 1 , 1987 .
Salick Health Care Inc & LT 2nd qtr net period ended February 28 .
first Tuskaloosa has assets of more than 425 mln dlrs .
Seaxe is engaged in international oil and gas exploration and development primarily in the Paris basin of France .
TransCanada Pipelines ' offer is to Dome management , not to shareholders .
current Dome shareholders would own 20 pct of the new subsidiary .
the acquisition was made through Clark copy ' s majority owned subsidiary interactive computer aids of Norway . 
under the joint venture , each company owns 50 pct of Sprint .
Mercer said Celeron ' s reserves would not be sold separately from the pipeline .
at present , Astra stock consists of one series of restricted shares and one of free shares .
includes operations of Bank of Hartford , acquired Feb 23 .
year - ago shr figures reflect 2 - for - 1 split on April 15 , 1986 .
revenues declined to 720 . 2 mln dlrs from 793 . 6 mln dlrs .
United Telecommunications said the transition of US Sprint ' s nationwide fiberoptic network is proceeding ahead of schedule .
Centurion has assets of 105 mln dlrs , Atlantic said .
obviously , nobody wants to pay more than you have to .
Henderson estimated it is worth about 55 dlrs per share .
the rigid plastics are used in such things as telephones , computer terminals , and appliances .
" he ' s ( Heyman ' s ) got the bucks .
" it ' s a win - win situation ," said one analyst .
one analyst speculated an offer from Gaf would be forthcoming shortly .
" i think we are finally down to the final paragraph in this book ," he said .
Rose said , however , he could not really predict what Heyman would do .
" Sam ' s a low - risk , high - return player ."
analysts said Borg - Warner ' s chemical business would add earnings momentum to Gaf .
the purchase was made for an undisclosed amount of cast .
last week , RJ Reynolds announced the sale of four smoking tobacco brands .
Reynolds said the sale is expected to be completed on April 24 .
the company said it planned to concentrate its resources on the manufacture and sale of cigarettes .
Reynolds said that Winchester , introduced in 1971 , was a dominant brand in the little cigar market .
Gander Mountain sells brand name hunting , fishing and outdoor gear through catalogs .
USDA would have to certify that the plants had corrected the deficiencies .
an interagency committee is reviewing the industry ' s draft petition .
that was because the fed supplied far fewer reserves in the market than most economists had expected .
the dividend is payable May 20 to shareholders of record April 20 , 1987 , it said .
" the purchase will not affect the close working relationship between Telefonica and Intelsa ," Ericsson said .
" but being interested can sometimes be different from making a bid ," Blair said .
asked by reporters if Dome should remain in Canadian hands , Blair replied , " yes .
he said he did not know who other possible bidders were .
Leung said , however , that Browning - Ferris has adequate cash reserves to cover the fine .
" it would have no impact on earnings whatsoever ," he said .
in 1986 , company earnings were based an average market price for gold of 368 dlrs an ounce .
domestic industrial automation and control orders were modestly higher than the same period in 1986 , it said .
international orders increased , with the greatest strength in Europe , Honeywell said .
1987 results reflect the tbs merger agreement and operations of the company as independent agent .
nor did it specify if the sources were official or other contacts .
but , it said continued disagreement with the sec staff would not be in its best interest .
non - performing assets totaled 1 . 24 billion vs 799 mln .
a fourth national spokesman said the deal was for cash but would not disclose the amount .
Webb said it had a one - half interest in the venture .
Brazilian imports account for about 40 pct of total U . S . supply , Yastagh said .
" several companies say they are willing to start trading ," Yates told Reuters in an interview .
" most of the suppliers stayed with us as long as they could ," Elton said .
" supplies were cut to the point where we could not run the system at anywhere near capacity ."
now the situation appears much less severe , Elton said .
talks were also expected to take place with the Algerians , he added .
" creditors are a nervous bunch of people ," he said .
net includes loan loss provision of 20 . 2 mln vs 12 . 6 mln .
note : first quarter of 1986 does not include restatement from recent acquisitions .
after restatement , net income was 39 . 8 mln dlrs .
the 1987 pro forma first quarter results include nonrecurring merger expenses of 4 . 7 mln dlrs .
as of Dec 31 , 1986 , Colonia BanCorp had assets of 150 mln dlrs , Dauphin said .
prior nine mth net includes 3 . 4 mln dlr asset sale gain .
the investors involved with Merrill include pension funds , insurance companies and other institutional investors , sources said .
Oteiba said stabilization of the oil market in the future depended on how much discipline OPEC showed .
refined product sales totalled eight mln metric tonnes , of which 67 pct was exported .
it said Holleb ' s 1986 sales were about 85 mln dlrs .
the form of the transaction has not yet been determined , it said .
the amount of cash per share has not yet been determined , it added .
representatives of Atlantic Richfield , British Petroleum , Conoco and Amoco were not immediately available for comment .
the bond - equivalent yield on three - month bills was 6 . 17 pct .
" our company is in sound financial position and production financing can be readily arranged when required .
the new facility will lower labor and mill costs and enhance product quality and range , Slater said .

