the want of Miss Taylor would be felt every hour of every day .
she dearly loved her father , but he was no companion for her .
" poor Miss Taylor !-- i wish she were here again .
what a pity it is that Mr . Weston ever thought of her !"
" i cannot agree with you , papa ; you know i cannot .
" a house of her own !-- but where is the advantage of a house of her own ?
" my dear , how am i to get so far ?
" no , papa , nobody thought of your walking .
we must go in the carriage , to be sure ."
" they are to be put into Mr . Weston ' s stable , papa .
we talked it all over with Mr . Weston last night .
i only doubt whether he will ever take us anywhere else .
nobody thought of Hannah till you mentioned her -- James is so obliged to you !"
" i am very glad i did think of her .
whenever James goes over to see his daughter , you know , she will be hearing of us .
he will be able to tell her how we all are ."
the backgammon - table was placed ; but a visitor immediately afterwards walked in and made it unnecessary .
" but you must have found it very damp and dirty .
" by the bye -- i have not wished you joy .
you do not think i could mean _you_ , or suppose Mr . Knightley to mean _you_ .
Miss Taylor has been used to have two persons to please ; she will now have but one .
" it is impossible that Emma should not miss such a companion ," said Mr . Knightley .
every friend of Miss Taylor must be glad to have her so happily married ."
" i do not understand what you mean by ` success ,'" said Mr . Knightley .
a worthy employment for a young lady ' s mind !
i think you must know Hartfield enough to comprehend that ."
you are more likely to have done harm to yourself , than good to them , by interference ."
" only one more , papa ; only for Mr . Elton .
you like Mr . Elton , papa ,-- i must look about for a wife for him .
i dare say Mr . Knightley will be so kind as to meet him ."
it was most unlikely , therefore , that he should ever want his father ' s assistance .
his coming to visit his father had been often talked of but never achieved .
i understand it was a very handsome letter , indeed .
Mr . Woodhouse was fond of society in his own way .
had it taken place only once a year , it would have been a grievance .
this was all that was generally known of her history .
the acquaintance she had already formed were unworthy of her .
Miss Bates , let Emma help you to a _little_ bit of tart -- a _very_ little bit .
Mrs . Goddard , what say you to _half_ a glass of wine ?
a _small_ half - glass , put into a tumbler of water ?
the happiness of Miss Smith was quite equal to her intentions .
as a walking companion , Emma had very early foreseen how useful she might find her .
in that respect Mrs . Weston ' s loss had been important .
it was quite a different sort of thing , a sentiment distinct and independent .
Harriet would be loved as one to whom she could be useful .
for Mrs . Weston there was nothing to be done ; for Harriet every thing .
she was ready to tell every thing in her power , but on this subject questions were vain .
he had his shepherd ' s son into the parlour one night on purpose to sing to her .
she believed he was very clever , and understood every thing .
and i know he has read the Vicar of Wakefield . 
he never read the Romance of the Forest , nor the Children of the Abbey . 
one does not , you know , after a time .
" i have no doubt of his being a very respectable young man .
i know , indeed , that he is so , and , as such , wish him well .
his mother is perfectly right not to be in a hurry .
dear Miss Woodhouse , he would be thirty years old !"
" yes , to be sure , i suppose there are .
they met Mr . Martin the very next day , as they were walking on the Donwell Road .
Mr . Martin looked as if he did not know what manner was .
" only think of our happening to meet him !-- how very odd !
it was quite a chance , he said , that he had not gone round by Randalls .
he has not been able to get the romance of the forest yet .
well , Miss Woodhouse , is he like what you expected ?
at Hartfield , you have had very good specimens of well educated , well bred men .
" certainly , he is not like Mr . Knightley .
he has not such a fine air and way of walking as Mr . Knightley .
but Mr . Knightley is so very fine a man !"
but he is not the only gentleman you have been lately used to .
what say you to Mr . Weston and Mr . Elton ?
compare their manner of carrying themselves ; of walking ; of speaking ; of being silent .
what is passable in youth is detestable in later age .
" there is no saying , indeed ," replied Harriet rather solemnly .
she , therefore , said no more for some time .
Mr . Elton is good - humoured , cheerful , obliging , and gentle .
he seems to me to be grown particularly gentle of late .
if he means any thing , it must be to please you .
did not i tell you what he said of you the other day ?"
she feared it was what every body else must think of and predict .
the longer she considered it , the greater was her sense of its expediency .
do you really think it a bad thing ?-- why so ?"
" i think they will neither of them do the other any good ."
i have been seeing their intimacy with the greatest pleasure .
how very differently we feel !-- not think they will do each other any good !
this will certainly be the beginning of one of our quarrels about Emma . 
" Emma has been meaning to read more ever since she was twelve years old .
but i have done with expecting any course of steady reading from Emma .
Emma is spoiled by being the cleverest of her family .
she was always quick and assured : Isabella slow and diffident .
and ever since she was twelve , Emma has been mistress of the house and of you all .
in her mother she lost the only person able to cope with her .
she inherits her mother ' s talents , and must have been under subjection to her ."
but you were preparing yourself to be an excellent wife all the time you were at Hartfield .
there will be very little merit in making a good wife to such a man as Mr . Weston
" i hope not _that_ .-- it is not likely .
i think her the very worst sort of companion that Emma could possibly have .
she knows nothing herself , and looks upon Emma as knowing every thing .
she is a flatterer in all her ways ; and so much the worse , because undesigned .
you would rather talk of her person than her mind , would you ?
very well ; i shall not attempt to deny Emma ' s being pretty ."
" such an eye !-- the true hazel eye -- and so brilliant !
where shall we see a better daughter , or a kinder sister , or a truer friend ?
" very well ; i will not plague you any more .
" not at all ," cried he ; " i am much obliged to you for it .
" Mrs . John Knightley is easily alarmed , and might be made unhappy about her sister ."
" so do i ," said Mrs . Weston gently , " very much ."
but i have no idea that she has yet ever seen a man she cared for .
but there is nobody hereabouts to attach her ; and she goes so seldom from home ."
convinced her that he had nothing more to say or surmise about Hartfield .
" great has been the pleasure , i am sure .
no sooner was she out of sight , than Emma exclaimed ,
" what an exquisite possession a good picture of her would be !
but from one cause or another , i gave it up in disgust .
it would be such a delight to have her picture !"
how completely it meant , ` why should my picture be drawn ?'"
but still i cannot imagine she would not be persuaded ."
" i had only my own family to study from .
Mrs . Weston again , and again , and again , you see .
here is my sketch of the fourth , who was a baby .
it appears to me a most perfect resemblance in every feature .
we must allow for the effect of shade , you know ."
" you have made her too tall , Emma ," said Mr . Knightley .
certainly not too tall ; not in the least too tall .
it gives one exactly the idea of such a height as miss smith ' s .
" it is very pretty ," said Mr . Woodhouse .
i do not know any body who draws so well as you do .
the naivete of Miss Smith ' s manners -- and altogether -- oh , it is most admirable !
but no sooner was the distress known to Mr . Elton , than it was removed .
said he with a tender sigh , as he received it .
she was so surprized she did not know what to do .
a better written letter , Harriet ( returning it ,) than i had expected ."
" well ," said the still waiting Harriet ;--" well -- and -- and what shall i do ?"
" you think i ought to refuse him then ," said Harriet , looking down .
i thought -- but i beg your pardon , perhaps i have been under a mistake .
pray , dear Miss Woodhouse , tell me what i ought to do ."
" i shall not give you any advice , Harriet .
if she can hesitate as to ` yes ,' she ought to say ` no ' directly .
" perfectly , perfectly right , my dearest Harriet ; you are doing just what you ought .
i could not have visited Mrs . Robert Martin , of Abbey - Mill Farm .
" no , to be sure you could not ; but i never thought of that before .
it would have killed me never to come to Hartfield any more !"
" oh no ;-- and it is but a short letter too ."
i dare say Miss Nash would envy you such an opportunity as this of being married .
Harriet blushed and smiled , and said something about wondering that people should like her so much .
" now he has got my letter ," said she softly .
i hope he will not mind it so very much ."
" my picture !-- but he has left my picture in Bond - Street ."
" has he so !-- then i know nothing of Mr . Elton .
" my dear sir , do not make a stranger of me ."
i will fetch your greatcoat and open the garden door for you ."
" you are expecting her again , you say , this morning ?"
" something has happened to delay her ; some visitors perhaps ."
" Harriet may not consider every body tiresome that you would ."
Emma knew this was too true for contradiction , and therefore said nothing .
" a very serious sort , i assure you ;" still smiling .
i can think of but one thing -- who is in love with her ?
he came to the Abbey two evenings ago , on purpose to consult me about it .
i was very much pleased with all that he said .
he is an excellent young man , both as son and brother .
he did speak yesterday -- that is , he wrote , and was refused ."
" then she is a greater simpleton than i ever believed her .
a man always imagines a woman to be ready for any body who asks her ."
madness , if it is so ; but i hope you are mistaken ."
" i saw her answer !-- nothing could be clearer ."
" you saw her answer !-- you wrote her answer too .
it is a pity that they were ever got over ."
she is known only as parlour - boarder at a common school .
she is not a sensible girl , nor a girl of any information .
she is pretty , and she is good tempered , and that is all .
her friends evidently thought this good enough for her ; and it _was_ good enough .
she was as happy as possible with the Martins in the summer .
if she has it now , you have given it .
you have been no friend to Harriet Smith , Emma .
" i know _that_ is the feeling of you all .
were you , yourself , ever to marry , she is the very woman for you .
no -- pray let her have time to look about her ."
the result of his thoughts appeared at last in these words .
he knows the value of a good income as well as any body .
Elton may talk sentimentally , but he will act rationally .
" i am very much obliged to you ," said Emma , laughing again .
" good morning to you ,"-- said he , rising and walking off abruptly .
Harriet ' s staying away so long was beginning to make her uneasy .
Miss Nash had been telling her something , which she repeated immediately with great delight .
Mr . Knightley might quarrel with her , but Emma could not quarrel with herself .
and it always ended in " Kitty , a fair but frozen maid ."
Mr . Elton was the only one whose assistance she asked .
made her quite sorry to acknowledge that they had transcribed it some pages ago already .
" why will not you write one yourself for us , Mr . Elton? 
he had never written , hardly ever , any thing of the kind in his life .
" i do not offer it for Miss Smith ' s collection ," said he .
the speech was more to Emma than to Harriet , which Emma could understand .
he was gone the next moment :-- after another moment ' s pause ,
approve my charade and my intentions in the same glance .'
a man must be very much in love , indeed , to describe her so .
" what can it be , Miss Woodhouse ?-- what can it be ?
i have not an idea -- i cannot guess it in the least .
i wonder who the friend was -- and who could be the young lady .
it must be very clever , or he would not have brought it .
Miss Woodhouse , do you think we shall ever find it out ?"
there can be no doubt of its being written for you and to you ."
its probability and its eligibility have really so equalled each other !
" i cannot make a question , or listen to a question about that .
" it is a sort of thing which nobody could have expected .
how nicely you talk ; i love to hear you .
you and Mr . Elton are one as clever as the other .
" i do think it is , without exception , the best charade i ever read ."
" it is as long again as almost all we have had before ."
Emma could not have desired a more spirited rejection of Mr . Martin ' s prose .
Miss Woodhouse , what a pity that i must not write this beautiful charade into my book !
i am sure i have not got one half so good ."
granted ;-- for private enjoyment ; and for private enjoyment keep them .
they are not at all the less written you know , because you divide them .
it seemed too precious an offering for any degree of publicity .
no -- i hope i shall not be ridiculous about it .
" aye , that ' s very just , indeed , that ' s very properly said .
it is no difficulty to see who you take after !
your dear mother was so clever at all those things !
but i think , my dear , you said you had got it ."
" yes , papa , it is written out in our second page .
" aye , very true .-- i wish i could recollect more of it .
" she will not be surprized , papa , at least ."
i am sure i was very much surprized when i first heard she was going to be married ."
" it is unfortunate that they cannot stay longer -- but it seems a case of necessity .
he sat musing a little while , and then said ,
i think , Emma , i shall try and persuade her to stay longer with us .
i am sure she will be pleased with the children .
we are very proud of the children , are not we , papa ?
i wonder which she will think the handsomest , Henry or John ?"
poor little dears , how glad they will be to come .
they are very fond of being at Hartfield , Harriet ."
i am sure i do not know who is not ."
Henry is the eldest , he was named after me , not after his father .
John , the second , is named after his father .
" but they like it , papa ; there is nothing they like so much .
" that is the case with us all , papa .
one half of the world cannot understand the pleasures of the other ."
of course i have not transcribed beyond the first eight lines ."
Mr . Elton certainly did not very well know what to say .
with the view of passing off an awkward moment , Emma smilingly said ,
he may be sure of every woman ' s approbation while he writes with such gallantry ."
after this speech he was gone as soon as possible .
there go you and your riddle - book one of these days ."
after a mutual silence of some minutes , Harriet thus began again --
" ah !-- so you say ; but i cannot believe it ."
if i were to marry , i must expect to repent it ."
" dear me !-- it is so odd to hear a woman talk so !"
" i have none of the usual inducements of women to marry .
were i to fall in love , indeed , it would be a different thing !
" but then , to be an old maid at last , like Miss Bates !"
but between _us_ , i am convinced there never can be any likeness , except in being unmarried ."
" but still , you will be an old maid !
a single woman , with a very narrow income , must be a ridiculous , disagreeable old maid !
my nephews and nieces !-- i shall often have a niece with me ."
that is , i know you must have seen her a hundred times -- but are you acquainted ?"
yes ; we are always forced to be acquainted whenever she comes to Highbury .
by the bye , _that_ is almost enough to put one out of conceit with a niece .
one is sick of the very name of Jane Fairfax .
i wish Jane Fairfax very well ; but she tires me to death ."
they were now approaching the cottage , and all idle topics were superseded .
" these are the sights , Harriet , to do one good .
Harriet , here comes a very sudden trial of our stability in good thoughts .
the wants and sufferings of the poor family , however , were the first subject on meeting .
i should not wonder if it were to bring on the declaration .
she was then obliged to be finished , and make her appearance .
the lovers were standing together at one of the windows .
but it would not do ; he had not come to the point .
it was no longer in Emma ' s power to superintend his happiness or quicken his measures .
she could never see a fault in any of them .
he was not a great favourite with his fair sister - in - law .
there he had not always the patience that could have been wished .
" oh yes , sir ," cried she with ready sympathy , " how you must miss her !
Mr . John Knightley here asked Emma quietly whether there were any doubts of the air of Randalls .
i never saw Mrs . Weston better in my life -- never looking so well .
" and do you see her , sir , tolerably often ?"
asked Isabella in the plaintive tone which just suited her father .
Mr . Woodhouse hesitated .--" not near so often , my dear , as i could wish ."
papa , we have missed seeing them but one entire day since they married .
i believe he is one of the very best - tempered men that ever existed .
" has he been here on this occasion -- or has he not ?"
" he has not been here yet ," replied Emma .
" but you should tell them of the letter , my dear ," said her father .
whether it was his own idea you know , one cannot tell .
he is but young , and his uncle , perhaps --"
" my dear papa , he is three - and - twenty .
well , time does fly indeed !-- and my memory is very bad .
" i have no doubt of his being a most amiable young man .
but how sad it is that he should not live at home with his father !
i never could comprehend how Mr . Weston could part with him .
i really never could think well of any body who proposed such a thing to any body else ."
_she_ certainly had not been in the wrong , and _he_ would never own that he had .
" what a comfort it is , that we think alike about our nephews and nieces .
" to be sure -- our discordancies must always arise from my being in the wrong ."
" yes ," said he , smiling --" and reason good .
come , my dear Emma , let us be friends , and say no more about it .
" that ' s true ," she cried --" very true .
little Emma , grow up a better woman than your aunt .
now , Mr . Knightley , a word or two more , and i have done .
i only want to know that Mr . Martin is not very , very bitterly disappointed ."
" a man cannot be more so ," was his short , full answer .
" ah !-- indeed i am very sorry .-- come , shake hands with me ."
my dear Emma , suppose we all have a little gruel ."
" Mr . Wingfield most strenuously recommended it , sir -- or we should not have gone .
it makes me envious and miserable ;-- i who have never seen it !
good Mr . Perry -- how is he , sir ?"
" why , pretty well ; but not quite well .
i suppose there is not a man in such practice anywhere .
but then there is not so clever a man any where ."
" and Mrs . Perry and the children , how are they ?
he will be so pleased to see my little ones ."
my dear sir , her throat is so much better that i have hardly any uneasiness about it .
" why , pretty well , my dear , upon the whole .
but poor Mrs . Bates had a bad cold about a month ago ."
but colds were never so prevalent as they have been this autumn .
" no , i do not know that Mr . Wingfield considers it _very_ sickly except --
my poor dear child , the truth is , that in London it is always a sickly season .
it is a dreadful thing to have you forced to live there !
" no , indeed -- _we_ are not at all in a bad air .
the neighbourhood of Brunswick square is very different from almost all the rest .
Wingfield thinks the vicinity of Brunswick square decidedly the most favourable as to air ."
now i cannot say , that i think you are any of you looking well at present ."
" Middling , my dear ; i cannot compliment you .
i think Mr . John Knightley very far from looking well ."
" what is the matter , sir ?-- did you speak to me ?"
cried Mr . John Knightley , hearing his own name .
" my dear Isabella ,"-- exclaimed he hastily --" pray do not concern yourself about my looks .
be satisfied with doctoring and coddling yourself and the children , and let me look as i chuse ."
Mr . Woodhouse agreed to it all , but added ,
" our little friend Harriet Smith , however , is just such another pretty kind of young person .
there is no end of the sad consequences of your going to South End .
after an interval of some minutes , however , he began with ,
Perry was surprized to hear you had fixed upon South End ."
a fine open sea , he says , and very pure air .
it seemed to him a very ill - judged measure ."
Perry .-- i want his directions no more than his drugs ."
" true , true ," cried Mr . Knightley , with most ready interposition -- " very true .
the only way of proving it , however , will be to turn to our maps .
she had nothing to wish otherwise , but that the days did not pass so swiftly .
it was a delightful visit ;-- perfect , in being much too short .
Mr . Elton looked all alarm on the occasion , as he exclaimed ,
" a sore - throat !-- i hope not infectious .
indeed you should take care of yourself as well as of your friend .
he can see ready wit in Harriet , but will not dine alone for her ."
after a few minutes of entire silence between them , John Knightley began with --
" i never in my life saw a man more intent on being agreeable than Mr . Elton .
it is downright labour to him where ladies are concerned .
" Mr . Elton in love with me !-- what an idea !"
" i thank you ; but i assure you you are quite mistaken .
Emma soon saw that her companion was not in the happiest humour .
he must think himself a most agreeable fellow ; i could not do such a thing .
she could not be complying , she dreaded being quarrelsome ; her heroism reached only to silence .
his face lengthened immediately ; and his voice was the voice of sentiment as he answered .
Mr . Perry has been with her , as you probably heard ."
" yes -- i imagined -- that is -- i did not --"
such a sad loss to our party to - day !"
" dreadful !-- exactly so , indeed .-- she will be missed every moment ."
" what an excellent device ," said he , " the use of a sheepskin for carriages .
how very comfortable they make it ;-- impossible to feel cold with such precautions .
Harriet seemed quite forgotten in the expectation of a pleasant party .
to her it was real enjoyment to be with the Westons .
the misfortune of Harriet ' s cold had been pretty well gone through before her arrival .
he seemed by this connexion between the families , quite to belong to her .
" we want only two more to be just the right number .
i had a letter from him this morning , and he will be with us within a fortnight ."
but now i have no doubt of seeing him here about the second week in January ."
" what a very great pleasure it will be to you !
" yes , she would be , but that she thinks there will be another put - off .
if they are not put off , he cannot stir .
if you think he will come , i shall think so too ; for you know enscombe ."
i am very much afraid that it will all end in nothing .
replied Mrs . Weston , smiling , " what is the certainty of caprice ?"
it depends entirely upon his aunt ' s spirits and pleasure ; in short , upon her temper .
to be constantly living with an ill - tempered person , must be dreadful .
what a blessing , that she never had any children !
poor little creatures , how unhappy she would have made them !"
Emma wished she had been alone with Mrs . Weston .
but at present there was nothing more to be said .
Mr . Woodhouse very soon followed them into the drawing - room .
to be sitting long after dinner , was a confinement that he could not endure .
while he talked to Isabella , however , Emma found an opportunity of saying ,
" and so you do not consider this visit from your son as by any means certain .
" yes ; and every delay makes one more apprehensive of other delays .
they are jealous even of his regard for his father .
" but she is so fond of the nephew : he is so very great a favourite .
Emma listened , and then coolly said , " i shall not be satisfied , unless he comes ."
Mr . Elton , in very good spirits , was one of the first to walk in .
Mrs . Weston and Emma were sitting together on a sofa .
he joined them immediately , and , with scarcely an invitation , seated himself between them .
he professed himself extremely anxious about her fair friend -- her fair , lovely , amiable friend .
" so scrupulous for others ," he continued , " and yet so careless for herself !
" this will prove a spirited beginning of your winter engagements , sir .
something new for your coachman and horses to be making their way through a storm of snow ."
i admired your spirit ; and i dare say we shall get home very well .
i dare say we shall be all safe at Hartfield before midnight ."
" what is to be done , my dear Emma ?-- what is to be done ?"
was Mr . Woodhouse ' s first exclamation , and all that he could say for some time .
his eldest daughter ' s alarm was equal to his own .
walk home !-- you are prettily shod for walking home , i dare say .
Isabella turned to Mrs . Weston for her approbation of the plan .
he had seen the coachmen , and they both agreed with him in there being nothing to apprehend .
" your father will not be easy ; why do not you go ?"
and the bell was rung , and the carriages spoken for .
" he was afraid they should have a very bad drive .
and there would be poor Emma in the carriage behind .
but now , she would rather it had not happened .
she tried to stop him ; but vainly ; he would go on , and say it all .
" i am very much astonished , Mr . Elton .
" Miss Smith !-- message to Miss Smith !-- what could she possibly mean !"
" Mr . Elton , this is the most extraordinary conduct !
command yourself enough to say no more , and i will endeavour to forget it ."
" it is impossible for me to doubt any longer .
Mr . Elton , my astonishment is much beyond any thing i can express .
who can think of Miss Smith , when Miss Woodhouse is near !
no , upon my honour , there is no unsteadiness of character .
i protest against having paid the smallest attention to any one else .
" no , sir ," cried Emma , " it confesses no such thing .
" encouragement !-- i give you encouragement !-- sir , you have been entirely mistaken in supposing it .
i have seen you only as the admirer of my friend .
in no other light could you have been more to me than a common acquaintance .
i am exceedingly sorry : but it is well that the mistake ends where it does .
" if i had not persuaded Harriet into liking the man , i could have borne any thing .
he might have doubled his presumption to me -- but poor Harriet !"
she thought nothing of his attachment , and was insulted by his hopes .
there had been no real affection either in his language or manners .
she was quite concerned and ashamed , and resolved to do such things no more .
that i had been satisfied with persuading her not to accept young Martin .
but now , poor girl , her peace is cut up for some time .
no , i could not endure William Coxe -- a pert young lawyer ."
the weather was most favourable for her ; though Christmas day , she could not go to church .
Mr . Knightley , why do not you stay at home like poor Mr . Elton ?
he was always agreeable and obliging , and speaking pleasantly of every body .
Mr . and Mrs . John Knightley were not detained long at Hartfield .
Mr. Elton ' s absence just at this time was the very thing to be desired .
not one of them had the power of removal , or of effecting any material change of society .
