Mr. Pickens was badly beaten in last fall 's battle for Newmont Mining , a raid that baffled takeover experts because 26 % of Newmont was already controlled by the ultimate victor , Consolidated Gold Fields PLC. Mesa 's $ 100 million stock profit from the deal -- Mr. Pickens 's estimate -- also evaporated during October 's market crash
The situation shows how the 1985 farm legislation , which flooded the farm economy with cash the past three years , also expanded the government 's exposure to losses
THIS YEAR marketers are again flooding supermarket shelves with new products -- everything from Cajun popcorn to ketchup in spray cans
this should then flow back into the market as it is deposited with banks . 
the dollar hovered around 144 . 70 just before midday . 
The EPA has targeted hundreds of sites across the country for cleanup of hazardous materials under its Superfund program
In striking down the machinists ' covenant , Judge Zagel cleared at least one hurdle to the pilots ' proposed acquisition , which is pending
he was extremely sad and depressed 
they saw the current account surplus falling in 1987 to 58 billion marks from 78 billion in 1986 . 
Switzerland is an example of a country that has pursued a domestic price rule and achieved price stability while allowing fluctuations in the exchange rate to absorb real shocks
Snow lay in great expanses, the telegraph posts strode over the white earth, away under the gloom of the sky.
Their heart is icy, blood frosty, its ventricles rich with icicles; and their words have turned into ice cubes that can chill iced tea.
The exercise class drains me of energy.
I'm afraid this spells trouble!
`` If the dollar stays at about the same level , that means the Bank of Japan has some room not to raise the discount rate , '' he said , `` which means maybe it 's safe to touch the interest-rate sensitive sectors . '
The federal judge , while backing the pill last week , has left open the possibility he might strike it down at a later date under different conditions
The debate for the rematch was so withering that Nissan Motor Co. used a news clip of Mr. Tucker 's criticisms in its bid to keep the UAW out of its Tennessee plant
I think we should think about the roots of the problem 
But the future of the bill remained unclear as the Senate stumbled forward on its version of the measure without the leadership of Lloyd Bentsen , the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee
The Japanese government is still reeling from U.S. accusations last summer that MITI dragged its feet in investigating the shipment by the Toshiba unit , Toshiba Machine Co . , of sophisticated milling machines to a Soviet shipyard in 1983 and 1984
Its chairman , Bruce Judge , stepped down as chief executive of Ariadne in favor of Mr. Cafiero
It 's no longer mandatory that Indiana patronage employees kick back 2 % of their salaries to their political party
But the suit says such rights `` evaporate '' with the sale of his holding
By following a trait as it flows through several generations and across vast branches of a family , scientists can see whether it is the result of chance or whether it `` segregates '' in a pattern that is probably due to the inheritance of a gene
The U.S. would say it officially `` recognizes '' the presidency of the fellow Noriega kicked out of office , who is now hiding somewhere in Panama
Always, always she was spitting out of her mouth the ash and grit of disillusion, of falsity.
Big technology stocks , hit hard by yesterday 's downturn on Wall Street , dragged down the main over-the-counter market indicators
One of the most striking examples of the trend is Gilead Sciences Inc. in Foster City , Calif . , a company devoted exclusively to genetic targeting
morgan shares firmed two pence to 318p at 0905 gmt from 316p at friday ' s close . 
Several analysts wondered if the rise was ordered to cool down an overheating economy or rather to present a clear signal to the market that British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson is in command of interest rate policy
Although underwriters typically attempt to have new securities products introduced by borrowers other than themselves -- in order to lend additional credibility to the offering -- Merrill said it wanted to do the borrowing itself
He drowned in a sea of grief. 
the dollar sank to 144 . 75 yen in early tokyo trading . 
The attackers volleyed gunshots at the civilians. 
Very strange was the constant glitter of the sea unsheathed in heaven.
Tobacco may have run into its first legal setback and another public relations blow this week , but the cigarettes keep rolling off the line and their makers keep rolling in big profits
The vandalism occurred Friday and was discovered Saturday when authorities at Manila Memorial Park cemetery received a telephone warning that a bomb had been planted in Aquino 's concrete tomb , a military official said
Remington has the cooperation of the state , which lowered its tax on parimutuel wagering and has vowed to limit competing tracks for now , and the deep pockets of the DeBartolos , who kicked in $ 1 million to supplement purses during the inaugural 70-day meet
Outraged at the sentence , the black community mounted an international campaign attacking the country 's legal system
I believe in this kind of love, this swelling and erupting explosion of oxytocin rippling through blood and bone in two human bodies that call each other home.
By that time my friend was broken so he had to sell his house 
I used to wake up every morning and sip a cup of coffee and gladly watch the sub pour up from the horizon.
Who could have guessed that the expansion would be rolling relentlessly through a sixth straight year , with no end in sight
Despite these problems , Western officials are optimistic that the superpower relationship has a unique opportunity to flourish because of both nations ' economic problems , need for defense cuts and desire to concentrate on domestic affairs
Philip Morris also has $ 1.5 billion in available cash and the ability to acquire more funding if necessary , although people close to the company said some of the funds available are targeted for other corporate purposes and for expenses related to the proposed acquisition
'Cause baby, you're a firework. C'mon, show 'em what you're worth
Though they may fill some of the same military needs , the missiles are quite different from any arms the Saudis have sought from the U.S
There was a light streaming on to the bushes at the back from the kitchen window.
A late Tokyo rally concentrated in railways and banks helped indexes trim their losses , but electrical stocks , which fell sharply early in the afternoon session and dragged the indexes with them , failed to recover
Mr. Shamir spent Tu Bishvat planting a tree at a Jewish settlement on the occupied West Bank , where he said he expected the settlement movement to grow and flourish
The new moon peeped through the tree tops.
Thus , Airbus 's proposed cargo sleepers -- ordinary metal freight containers outfitted with beds that would ride in the belly of the plane -- are being studied by carriers such as Lufthansa German Airlines , but only for its crew
`` There 's a tremendous amount riding on the outcome of this litigation , '' says Carl Taylor , an attorney in the Washington , D.C . , office of Johnson & Swanson , a Dallas-based law firm representing several large corporate plaintiffs
The Reagan administration changed the pattern of 15 years of federal research-and-development spending by slowing to a crawl the growth of civilian research programs , such as energy development , while pumping up defense
Adm. Hayward 's case , which has escaped public notice since it started in 1985 , is n't part of the current nationwide investigation of Pentagon corruption and bid-rigging
The CDC report did not deal with the so-called `` good cholesterol '' -- the high-density form of lipoprotein that gathers up cholesterol in the body and carries it to be destroyed
A break up can leave you with a broken heart. 
But the rumor was embraced by the market as it helped fill in the paucity of news on which to trade , according to participants
The `` no '' vote plan struck pay dirt because it provided an opportunity for a massive , secret protest vote against Gen. Pinochet , especially from Chile 's sizable and disaffected middle class
The court has been flooded with briefs by manufacturers and the insurance industry , which argue for limits on liability and damages , and by consumer groups and plaintiffs ' lawyers , which oppose limits
a terrible stench saluted our nostrils
She had a heart of stone. 
Alfred Goldman , a market strategist with A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis , said with the move in the industrial average beyond its old high , some money managers were probably gripped by the `` classic fear of missing the boat , '' and they scrambled to buy some stocks late in the day
My gun powdery chief went off with a bang, of course, and then went on loading and firing until he was out of adjectives.
The house looks north
My lawyer is a shark 
As negotiations dragged on , Mr. Finkelstein , known as a straightforward man , exclaimed , `` We 're getting nowhere , and it 's getting late . '
juggle an account so as to hide a deficit
The pilots ' union has retained the accounting firm of Touche , Ross & Co. to plow through Texas Air 's financial reports
In the Reagan years , the federal government stepped aside , cutting aid to state and local government by a third -LRB- after inflation -RRB- , pushing deregulation and halting creation of new domestic programs
At the time , his feeling was that `` even with the tax changes knocking out a lot of IRA money . .. the industry is expected to thrive and become more competitive over the next few years . '
PRESS RELEASES about lawyers are flooding newspaper offices as the profession becomes more aggressive about marketing
Federated 's board , following an all-day meeting yesterday , is expected to direct its financial advisers to examine alternatives to the Campeau bid , the sources said
This story will grab you
The darted harpoon was lightning in the sea. 
They sifted through the job candidates.
The girl broke into the conversation 
Like soap operas , the spots try to grab the viewer with heavy doses of drama and emotion
Actions talk louder than words.
He now says that specialty retailing fills the bill , but he made a number of profitable forays in the meantime
An introduction by Edward Shils , the well-known sociologist of ideas -LRB- who has never been a radical -RRB- lends historical perspective to the collection
Also , suggestions that the Saudis are intent on rebuilding a once-huge offshore stockpile tended to `` strike some fear in some of the participants in this market , '' said Stephen W. Platt , a Chicagobased analyst for Dean Witter Reynolds Inc
grindings rose to 55 , 190 tonnes from 53 , 643 in the first 1986 quarter . 
The press release for an upcoming miniseries describes Nina , its heroine , as `` a manipulative woman determined to love and , if need be , destroy the men in her life . '
She carried things deep inside her that people failed to understand.
pretax profits also dipped to 601 . 7 mln stg after 614 . 4 mln . 
This is a trap sentence 
new industry orders fell 1 . 9 pct after they had been unchanged in december . 
We 'll be kicked out the Front-Runners ' Club . '
Meanwhile , Democratic nominee Michael Dukakis -- after a month of absorbing Republican blows on his patriotism and being portrayed as a big taxer -- tried to gain the offensive with an old Democratic chestnut: the Republicans are going to take away your Social Security
New England Telephone says the campaign makes it the first local phone company to break with the `` reach out and touch someone '' style of advertising popularized by Ma Bell
But although Motorola , with its new chips , seems to be targeting the fledgling RISC-chip market opened by Sun and others , its fiercest competitor remains microprocessor powerhouse Intel Corp . , analysts say
Social Security surpluses also will help make the deficit evaporate within the next five years
Neither company has a big presence in the other 's businesses , and their alliance is aimed at grabbing a larger share of the converging computer and telecommunications markets
it fell about a half yen , to around 145 . 
Republicans expect Mr. Bush to emulate the Reagan themes of patriotism and military strength -- or , as 41-year-old Charles Murdock puts it , to keep `` kicking the dog and waving the flag . '
German companies are sticking with what they have
And so it is on the grounds of insufficient candor that the resourceful Mr. Goldman , hot to debunk , attacks his subject
But soon new ads will play down the dog even further and display a metal `` G , '' Greyhound 's stock symbol , coming out of a foundry
She was the ocean and I was just a boy who loved the waves but was completely terrified to swim.
The huge waves swallowed the small boat and it sank shortly thereafter
And , `` These characteristics of Soviet policy , like the postulate from which they flow , are basic to the internal nature of Soviet power , and will be with us , whether in the foreground or the background , until the internal nature of Soviet power is changed . '
Most said finding or keeping key people is important ; but without solid planning , Hay says they may miss seeing a need for new talent or training
analysts say that fed tightening now could choke off the current modest economic expansion and threaten a recession . 
She walked without passion, like a shade, tormented into moments of love by the child.
He then kicks the pedestals out from under them
He is a bright star, shining all the time, and helping and guiding everyone.
Such a wonderful remoteness there was about her, and then something in touch with him, that made his heart knock in his chest.
For now , he rides around his opponents like a modern Jeb Stuart , staging lightning raids before returning to safety in the South
Federal thrift-industry regulators have targeted it as one of hundreds of failing S & Ls in the Southwest that it intends to merge with other , better-capitalized institutions as part of a broad plan to restructure the industry
They topped off their dinner with a cognac.
The Air Florida pilots cursed for posterity on the cockpit recorder , decided to take off even though they knew the wings of the plane were dangerously icy , and plowed their plane into a bridge
Life is a book, lying on a tabletop, its pages outspread like a thousand wings of a bird.
total vacancies available rose by 1 , 900 to 26 , 300 at end - march . 
But we refuse to believe that the bank of justice is bankrupt. 
For years cable touted itself as the incubator for new kinds of shows the networks would n't touch -- like `` Shandling , '' rejected initially by the networks partly for its quirks: The star plays himself and talks to the audience more than he talks to the cast
`` You could n't give the shares away if you tried , '' adds Vahid Fathi , an analyst with Prescott , Ball & Turben Inc. Mr. Munk himself recalls , `` I had many people kick me out . '
The difference: An ever wealthier South Korea can imagine absorbing the poorer , less-populated Communist North , but Taiwan , no matter how rich , would be swallowed whole by the massive Chinese mainland
The paved highway abruptly turns into a dirt road , and South Africa , without warning , dissolves into Bophuthatswana
She had a bright idea 
" there is a ' flight to quality '," Hamley said . 
`` That would have an impact on aid flowing to El Salvador . '
The summit , therefore , is an important domestic event in Germany , where Mr. Gorbachev has been riding a wave of popularity
For words are just tiny winds with sounds of different arrangements.
`` And from it flow many of the phenomena which we find disturbing in the Kremlin 's conduct of foreign policy: the secretiveness , the lack of frankness , the duplicity , the wary suspiciousness and the basic unfriendliness of purpose . '
Robert K. Heady , publisher of Bank Rate Monitor , a North Palm Beach , Fla . , interest rate newsletter , said banks `` did n't jump through hoops to raise savings yields 24 hours after absorbing the news of the Federal discount rate . '
interest rates fell sharply and wall street became a one - way street , up . 
one - way trade focused mainly on the fixed periods but short dates also rose , dealers said . 
my love is a summer day 
She knew she was burning in shame.
Pace Industries Inc. was in the process of selling its Rheem Manufacturing Co. unit , a maker of water heaters , when the stock market collapsed last year and destroyed the buyer 's financing plans
Your sensitivity is your armor.
That group maintains Forstmann Little had agreed to step aside if it did n't join in the management-Shearson bid
He will certainly take great offense to my description of the Taiwanese as being not much in tune with the outside world , betting gleefully with stocks that no foreign fund manager would touch , and happily oblivious to what the history of financial markets has taught the rest of mankind
`` This issue touches all Californians -- it 's the biggest economic prop around -- and he 's got to deal with it , '' says Mervin Field , the non-partisan California pollster
But concern about inflation stepped up Friday when the Labor Department announced that employment increased strongly in July and that hourly earnings rose at a 6 % annual pace
He attacked every weak point in my argument 
I cannot stand this situation anymore 
She is a spellbinding , handsome Valkyrie , and if her upper body strength is rather stronger than her upper register , the rich middle range pours out like liquid amber
If it cools off , they worry about lower earnings , which also would hurt the market
But both had a the remote virgin look of modern girls, sisters of Artemis rather than of Hebe.
Even before Mr. Grosz took over , smaller private companies , still called cooperatives here , were beginning to flourish
And he scored the highest-charting guitar instrumental album in a dozen years when his `` Surfing With the Alien , '' released on the independent Relativity label , rode into Billboard 's Top Thirty
He absorbed the costs for the accident.
The FDIC package would sharply boost the merged institution 's capital and give it a huge cushion to absorb future loan losses
the department said first quarter exports expanded to 60 . 6 billion baht from 56 . 6 billion . 
In 1925 , Congress said that the Supreme Court has discretion to refuse to hear cases , except when a state supreme court strikes down a federal law or upholds a state law that was challenged as violating the Constitution , or when a federal appeals court strikes down a state law or a federal appeals or district court strikes down a federal law , all on constitutional grounds
In race after race , PAC funds evaporated for Republican challengers , even for candidates with political credentials as impressive as those of Mr. Howard , once dubbed `` the conscience of the senate '' for his crusades against state-level corruption
Love shrank and withered , and all that remained was a quickening of the pulse , a rise in blood pressure and stomach contractions chasing each other in a horrible loneliness ; the loneliness of the wave absorbed by the sand , which never returns to the sea
Mr. Bluey 's job is difficult because accounting investigations , unlike insider-trading cases , can drag on and draw little fanfare
`` But we have n't knocked them off our list . '
She said he was very sweet and he smiled 
Poetry is melody to mind, It flows and rhymes, It comforts and triggers the thought.
The Boeing spokesman said: `` A concern from a longstanding and honored customer like JAL is going to be examined immediately to see what actions we can and shall take
He felt a dark sexual desire 
The first time I read an article by humorist P.J. O'Rourke -- `` Among the EuroWeenies '' in Rolling Stone magazine -- I thought I was going to die laughing
but now the surplus is growing faster than we expected ," he said . 
This writer really fractures the language.
That was because in Brandon , Fla . , during the waning hours of Aug. 1 , the '84 Olympic silver medalist 's sports car plowed into a group of 30 teens
Elsewhere , the nation 's worst drought in a half-century may be searing crops and withering dreams , but farmers here on the High Plains and in a handful of other spots around the nation where rain is plentiful are rediscovering the truism that clouds can have silver linings
At the same time , the quest for distinction increasingly includes details -- some of which may escape the average driver
They clawed their way to the top of the mountain.
In early adulthood , she stuck with the Democratic Party , joining the protests for civil rights in the South
A shadow came over Ursula's face.
But the Supreme Court melted down my statue when it decided Hazelwood . '
He pleaded for her forgiveness but Janet was a statue 
He did n't stick around to explain why , but the Soviet vaulters later complained of tricky winds , and Bubka blamed them for his passing on the 20-foot barrier
The girl could still remember that sweet song 
Well , back in 1983 , a special bipartisan commission was given the assignment of `` fixing '' the Social Security system , then perceived to be headed for bankruptcy , for the next 75 years
BEST -- Baker: Attempted in each post to make government function using , not assaulting , the democratic process
One look at her pudgy face , shot to make her seem like a powder-brained Kewpie doll , vaporizes whatever credibility Jamie 's anguish might have had
The study of 250 of the nation 's largest profit-making corporations found that only 16 escaped taxation last year , compared with 40 in 1986 and 39 in 1985
Ahab was a pyramid but I kept kicking at him.  
Earlier , he explains to his girlfriend why , on a bet , he slept with a woman he did n't care about: `` A guy lays down a dare you got ta take it . '
She had entered into the life of the plants.
The drought is expected to draw down agricultural stockpiles , which could help `` cool '' the third-quarter-GNP report , economists said
The novel can reveal the most secret places of life: for it is in the passional secret places of life, above all, that the tide of sensitive awareness needs to ebb and flow, cleansing and freshening.
While the rest of the nation watched with mere curiosity or slight concern , the nation 's fourth-largest city was thoroughly absorbed by the approach of Hurricane Gilbert
It was a difficult relationships and we had arguments 
Her father and her mother now met to the span of the heavens, and she, the child, was free to play in the space beneath, between. 
He has been in public life a long time , and no large skeletons have come dancing out of the closet yet
According to a recently unsealed transcript of a closed meeting in Judge Pollack 's chambers with defense attorneys on Sept. 13 , the judge claimed he was being attacked `` professionally '' and threatened to impose sanctions if the lawyers pursued the issue of removing him
To love her was to inhale her existence.
The vestiges of political democracy were soon uprooted.
A sudden flush of buy or sell orders touched off by a single index-arbitrage program typically involves $ 25 million of trading -- and sometimes far more
`` This is stepping further than we have before , but it 's the same concept as a bridge loan , helping out a client , '' said Stephen Waters , co-head of mergers with Mr. Hill
Mr. Wyss of Data Resources suggested that factories may be having difficulty hiring new workers at a time of such low unemployment or may simply not be able to absorb as many new workers as they would like
Their life and inter-relations were such; feeling the pulse and the body of the soil, that opened to their furrow for the grain.
He was only half conscious -- a thin strand of consciousness linking the darkness of death with the light of day.
Your July 11 editorial `` ' Breach ' of Faith '' on the Krasnoyarsk radar , the AntiBallistic Missile Treaty , the strategic defense initiative , etc. misses the point
The faculty meeting was a comedy show 
Their language inclines us to believe them
Red ink has been raining upon one AI company after another -- including Symbolics Inc . , Teknowledge Inc. and Intellicorp -- and Xerox 's business has been hurt , too
The seeds of change were planted in 1943 
Now , do all of them absorb it and grab it
After working two years for the company she was burned out 
The court has been flooded with briefs by manufacturers and the insurance industry , which argue for limits on liability and damages , and by consumer groups and plaintiffs ' lawyers , which oppose limits
Two more of Sassy magazine 's largest advertisers have been targeted for a letterwriting campaign by Liberty Report , a newspaper published by Rev. Jerry Falwell 's Moral Majority
In one spectacular 508-point swan dive Oct. 19 , the industrial average crashed back to the level it first surpassed in March 1986 , vaporizing the stunning advances of the intervening months -- along with many investors ' paper profits
One should not exhaust one's savings.
For decades , U.S.-Japan relations have more or less flowed from the last broad agreement most people remember the countries signing -- on the deck of the Battleship Missouri in 1945
If the latest auditors ' recommendation is adopted , Illinois Power could add $ 1.84 billion to its rate base , but apparently would have to absorb the balance
`` I 'd like the campaign to critically examine how the candidate spends his time , '' says Richard Wiener , the Michigan Democratic chairman
The night seemed large and vacuous.
The latest rumor yesterday was that International Business Machines Corp . , which earlier had been reported to be planning to license certain Next software programs , is cooling to the idea of using the programs extensively
And so, we've come to cash this check, a check that will give us upon demand the riches of freedom and the security of justice.
We have large deficits because government has been unable to restrain increases in payments to individuals , a large amount of which is not targeted to help the poor
Similar in appearance and texture to petroleum-based plastics , the plastic decomposes into water and carbon dioxide when attacked by certain enzymes in the soil
The international debt crisis will drag on
A federal appeals court here struck down the law on Jan. 22 , saying the appointment of independent counsels by a special three-judge court violates the Constitution 's separation of powers
Dying is a wild night and a new road.
`` And available funds are being plowed into mortar , brick and tar , '' says chief of research David Swenson
On one occasion , intelligence sources say , a rebel band took its Stingers to the Soviet air base at Qandahar , set up shop not far from the end of the runway , blasted a few Soviet planes as they tried to take off laden with fuel and ammunition , then melted into the hills
I was alone in a sea of unknown faces 
One reason for success: Proponents targeted only companies held largely by institutions , says John Wilcox of proxy solicitor Georgeson & Co
The wind howled; the waves dashed their bucklers together - we were in the jaws of death  
The debate sharpened
Thus he notes that when Edward Baring became Baron Revelstoke in 1883 he knocked together two Mayfair mansions to make one urban palace in which he `` entertained in a style as lavish as the furnishing
My skin crawled--I was terrified
He was received with interest and affection 
it added that revenues would have risen by about seven pct had those changes not occurred . 
Mr. Jackson has absorbed whatever the press will give him , the useful along with the condescending
His purplish head was a skull under the moon. 
`` We 're evaluating and talking to our customers , '' a spokesman says , `` but it is not clear what role biodegradable plastics will fill . '
How truly terrible it is that those who are silent are often seen as empty.
Astrophysicist Fang Lizhi , China 's most outspoken dissident , made a provocative appearance at Beijing University , calling for less Communist Party control and rejecting demands that he stick to science and not delve into social issues
The moles were just doing what comes naturally , planting a micromanagement time bomb in another massive piece of legislation
During the debate , when Mr. Chirac derided Mr. Mitterrand for having changed his mind from time to time during a 40-year political career , Mr. Mitterrand , clearly well coached , retorted with some 10-year-old quotations from Mr. Chirac attacking the European Community , which Mr. Chirac now warmly embraces
The move struck some analysts as an interim one because of Mr. Thomas 's age and background
Gurdurn listened, as she sat beneath the trees, and the yearning came into her heart.
moscow ' s trade surplus with east bloc countries continued to grow in 1986 . 
Knight-Ridder stumbled in one past push into information services
`` If it 's successful , we 'll roll out the concept elsewhere , '' said Craig Kirsch , General Nutrition 's chief financial officer
Soviet fears that the U.S. would establish a naval base in Sri Lanka evaporated
in recent months , Dome has normally moved by only a few cents per day . 
One was a tiny little rock with the tide of nothingness rising higher and higher. 
There were many who thought that the dream would die with the dreamer , but it continues on
But entertainment flourished , with audio and video items logging the biggest quarterly increase in consumption -- $ 23.2 billion
You have to head straight into your fears to win them
It was rather beautiful, the way he put her insecurities to sleep.
industrial output grew 4 . 4 pct in the first quarter of 1986 . 
The mess in his dorm room reflects on the student
With huge amounts of debt needed to pay for megadeals , buyers are seeking targets with rich cash flows to cover interest costs on that debt
Electronic Data Systems President Alberthal struck back at the firm 's founder , H. Ross Perot , saying the Texas billionaire 's verbal and business attacks hurt the company
During the past 10 years state and federal governments have pumped money into the railroad , whose main line track has been substantially improved
But profit-taking helped cool the rally
Their flagship center in Cambridge 's booming Kendall Square has filled all 44 openings , and 90 children are on the waiting list
Unfortunately , they wo n't work in the harbor tunnel where business travelers sometimes get stuck on the way in from the airport . . .
Senate negotiators last week tried to persuade the House to at least include a fallback provision that would fix the problem in case Justice is right and the agreement is found unconstitutional
Surely , before not too many years have passed , such passages will be read into the record of a congressional committee with utter incredulity all around
Which horse are you backing?
Mr. Cardenas 's stunning success in this month 's presidential election , when he took close to a third of the vote and loosened the traditional stranglehold of the Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI , illustrated that attacking debt payments wins votes
He is in such a hurry he does not run  he flies 
Those galaxies were jellyfishes in the abyss of space. 
He is grinning like an ape. 
The war devoured so many lives. 
then a colorful joy exploded in her chest 
When it rains in Tokyo the city becomes a sea of umbrellas. 
Wynfred Joshua of the Defense Intelligence Agency says that if the U.S. does n't seize the opportunity to engage the Iranians , the Soviet Union will fill the void
" consequently , monetary growth may return to more modest levels ," heller said . 
`` The specialness evaporates when a hands-on operation becomes a finger on a monolithic hand . '
Fame redounds to the heroes.
The boss will eat me alive if the report arrives late. 
If you are drowning in a sea of minor problems you cannot focus on what matters 
Some analysts here also poured scorn on the takeover concerns
The main problem , though , is that 80 % of all retirement housing now on the market targets the wealthy -- yet that group makes up just 20 % of all elderly people , says Gordon M. Johnson , a Los Angeles retirement-housing specialist with Laventhol & Horwath , a Philadelphia-based accounting firm that studies real estate
And with just one sibling , he has been struck by the contrast between his own small , far-flung family and the large , close-knit Arab households
Clergymen , philosophers , sociologists and political scientists have filled the pages of scholarly journals about the subject
Distance is no demon, often I think it can be a blessing for those in love, a silent, underappreciatied blessing.
But Mr. Burns , the former deputy , resigned last week in unison with William Weld , an assistant attorney general , in an effort to force Mr. Meese to step down
Colgate Venture has stumbled , too
For his part , Mr. Jacobs , the Minneapolis investor who last summer is said to have held about 1.5 million shares , did n't stick around to find out
the currency was hovering around 76 . 78 cts in early afternoon trading . 
He knew how to write sweet words 
traders and analysts said the unexpectedly large yield increase outweighed the anticipated drop in box count . 
Equally important , his Socialist government absorbed and then , in effect , destroyed the French Communist Party
I've reached my boiling point. 
This vaccine will guard you against infection.
The great gold apples of light hang from the street’s long bough dripping their light on the faces that drift below on the faces that drift and blow 
And now they were leaking all kinds of documents 
For the first century of its existence , the republic somehow managed to stumble along , winning independence , surviving civil war , without any pledge at all
GM ca n't continue to absorb indefinitely the large fixed costs represented by unused capacity , he says
The U.S. side was angry that talks were dragging
Mr. Schnittke is also a composer of extremes , and in the new Fourth Piano Sonata he has Mr. Feltsman achieving kinetic climaxes at the highest and lowest registers simultaneously , the pianist 's arms widely extended and lunging at the piano like a hawk attacking his prey
He said people who criticize Wall Street 's computerized trading strategies have missed the point
I was in a very stormy relationship 
Thomas V. Chema , chairman of the utilities commission said it will examine the utilities ' request , especially trying to determine why an accounting change permitted by the commission did n't meet the utilities ' concerns about possible default
`` You lose elections if you touch these things . '
I asked for your help and you disappeared from radar 
After letting off his rage he sat down like a lamb. 
People think the old man has a sour temper 
But although negotiations have stalled , an agreement that would kill Shoreham while keeping Lilco whole is still likely , these persons said
She combated in him his devils.
Weather is dominating the soybean market earlier than usual this year because the nation 's once-burdensome stockpiles are rapidly evaporating
`` If we do n't settle our disputes soon , '' he warns , `` the foreign companies may step in and dominate . '
soybean plantings are also expected to enter the market around november when malaysian palm oil output peaks . 
my soul was in despair and she was the cause 
Real power still rests with Pretoria just as it does with Jerusalem
In this nervous , jumpy world economic reality matters less than the rumors and out-of-context scraps of information that pour into the trading rooms
Plastics , an area that Dow has targeted for growth , contributed strongly to the results for the quarter and the year , Dow said
Some say interest rates may have to rise further to cool domestic demand , while others say the problem is more deep-rooted and requires greater investment by United Kingdom industry
The vice president 's confrontation with Mr. Rather also has raised further questions about the media 's performance this political season , as CBS and its affiliates were flooded with phone calls , mostly critical of Mr. Rather
Nike and L.A. Gear rode good earnings , publicity about the Olympic Games and disappointing news from rival Reebok International to sharp gains , each on heavy trading of about 1.3 million shares
Her joy was blinding 
London , freed from foreign-exchange controls in 1979 , has become a world financial center , pumping more than twice as much money into the country now as North Sea oil
Susan W. Peters 's Aug. 26 letter to the editor concerning the qualifications of business-school professors misses an important point
His condescending attitude made me really angry 
damage insurances made losses , mainly due to car damage insurances . 
my soul was a lampless sea and she was the tempest 
Prime Minister Noboru Takeshita has stumbled , but not seriously enough to affect his six-month-old government
`` Their situation is classic to the computer or technology business -- they missed the next product cycle , and in this business when you miss one , you may not get a chance for another . '
For the end of the year  I was burned and broken 
Shortly afterward , Bob Adams Inc. in Boston flooded 21 universities nationwide with 10 , 000 copies of its annual two bits of advice , a publication called `` Careers and the M.B.A . '
she cut him down with her words 
He looked neither one way nor the other way but sat like a carved image. 
His blood beat up in waves of desire.
Yet Houston Industries Inc. is flourishing , even with a unit operating the $ 5.3 billion South Texas nuclear project
From its blue vase the rose of evening drops 
The rich man had a cold heart 
Last year the movies were filled with babies
`` With Henry 's departure , these people are going to flourish , '' says Salomon President Thomas Strauss
gross national product grew 2 . 4 pct last year . 
You were dying to believe in what you heard 
Now you can fade off to sleep.  
the intervention took place when the dollar fell to 143 . 20 yen , one dealer said . 
And Ronnie Graham was so hip a laid-back comic that sometimes he did n't have to say a word to have the audience dissolve in laughter
My friend said the project was a nightmare 
Next to it the firm planted a sign: `` Little things like this will never come between us . '
But the resolution probably rests more on politics than on flying skill and commercial expertise
The moon has so much to say sometimes. And it pains me that people do not understand this language.
Inflation , attacked in the abortive Austral Plan of 1985 and now the target of new economic measures , has exceeded 300 % over the past year
It began to drag us into it , '' says Richard Behar , the 27-year-old magazine writer who founded the group
Vista Group 's $ 16-a-share offer quickly evaporated in the controversy
Before buying into such a clone , it would be worthwhile to examine the current track record of the fund being cloned
I embarked on life thirty years ago 
But it 's truly disappointing to see him turning to television parodies to fill out the play
He adds that he `` would n't be at all surprised '' if Congress made changes that could `` really kill or seriously impair this whole area . '
Soon it grew to include all sorts of folks: fashion fiends with shaved heads and leather jackets , artsy egghead New Wave types with angular guitars -LRB- Blondie , Television , Talking Heads -RRB- -- and especially bored teens with big boots who liked to get tanked up on cheap beer and kick the stuffings out of people who did n't agree with their neo-Nazi views
The new city was a maze for him. 
company sources said vw would have to dig into reserves to maintain the disclosed profit . 
imports fell 9 . 2 pct from the previous month to 277 . 2 mln dlrs . 
It said it expects to absorb `` the vast majority '' of those jobs in its private health-care business
Immunex said the study examined patients with lymph cancers such as leukemia
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart.
She realized how all her old love had been frictional, charged with the fire of Irritation and the spasms of frictional voluptuousness.
The official , a member of the trade ministry 's Mideast and Africa office , said that `` fundamentally , '' the presidents accepted the request for caution but that the talks did n't touch on any specific measures for slowing trade with South Africa
But let 's be specific and kill off only those programs that are n't working
bundesbank sees no reason to change monetary course - vice - president schlesinger 
She became herself like the upper millstone lying on him, crushing him, as sometimes a heavy sky lies on the earth.
In the extreme we have revolution , where the existing social contract is dissolved
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
growth in U . S . revenues also improved , the company said . 
The government 's obsession with winning hearts and minds on the local level flows from its failure to entice black leaders into token participation at the national level
And even when you are broken I will marry your pieces.
The faculty meeting was an easy breeze
Some disheartened resistance commanders , after exhausting their stockpiles , strike private peace deals with Afghan leader Najibullah in exchange for control of minor fiefdoms ; other rebel leaders wither away
The bolt and trigger flowed silently and smoothly as a river down its banks
Details of the plan have n't been fixed , but the outline calls for shareholders in both banks to exchange their stock for shares in the new bank on a basis of parity
Despite many gains , the sad truth is that most of Mr. Eastland 's time was spent sticking his finger in the dike of politically motivated attacks on Mr. Meese
She said that she could smell infidelity from a mile. 
The questions are how many Hispanics will vote and how big a majority Gov. Dukakis can roll up
He shot down all my arguments 
her smile was a blinding sun 
all the institutes predicted only a slight decline in unemployment . 
But the launch was n't completely smooth
Four years later he dissolved Parliament , which 13 years after that stripped him of power
He wrestled all his life with his feeling of inferiority.
Two years later a planning group examined the town 's economic future , leading to the incorporation of the Greencastle Development Center in September 1986
don't mention Tom 's promotion to Mike . It would be a red flag to a bull
A slow mocking smile dawned on Gudrun's face.
He swallowed his words
I wrestled with this decision for years.
The Bush strategists insist they will not attack Mr. Robertson , noting that much of their own support in the South is conservative and evangelical
Let’s take this week by the horns 
he was feeling down hurt and sad  
we were sinking in an ocean of grass 
After a week of quiet climbing , Sears stepped in and Western Auto leapt 8 5 8 to 18 5 8
The faculty meeting was a breeze
the other two saw only one pct growth and said exports would fall 2 . 5 pct . 
Her pen was a knife
More sophisticated groups of pickpockets and scam artists are also targeting airports , police say
A recent study by HHS for the first time examines how many Americans use such treatments , as well as the kinds of `` cures '' they try
Mr. Questrom 's appointment comes two months after he stepped down as vice chairman of Federated Department Stores , following its takeover by Campeau Corp. Acclaimed by analysts , Mr. Questrom is lauded for the revival of two ailing Federated divisions: Rich 's Department Stores in Atlanta and Bullock 's Bullock 's Wilshire in Los Angeles
If a deal is struck , the 767s will replace aging Soviet-made Ilyushins on LOT 's Warsaw-New York and Warsaw-Chicago routes
But this month S & P is trying to take the real estate world by storm , with a marketing campaign targeting 200 , 000 real estate brokers , appraisers and portfolio managers
If she had not been struck , as a woman , by the grotesque exudations streaming from the temporal glands and four-foot , S-shaped penises of certain adult male elephants , would she have been led to identify this `` disease '' as musth , the sexual frenzy of male estrus never before documented in African elephants
`` It will be very difficult for the Japanese to come in on an assault basis and knock them out of the box . '
There 's a lot riding on these tires
three institutes predicted two pct economic growth in 1987 , with exports falling by 0 . 5 pct . 
Gary Lynch , the director of enforcement at the SEC , recalls some investment bankers who passed their polygraph tests with flying colors during insider-trading probes
Richard DeVane , president of the company 's fossil systems business , said it appears that oxygen in the fresh air combined with either sulfur , zinc or chloride to produce an oxide that ate away the boiler wall 's iron-oxide protective coating
Reports from Afghanistan described experimental Soviet chemical or biological agents that put people to sleep without their knowing what was happening
She had to juggle her job and her children
`` We 're guaranteed to miss some of the up market , '' he concedes
Also targeted for cuts would be IBM 's payroll and products
But in recent weeks , it has stepped up criticism of the Aquino government and attracted a cross-section of old-time politicians
While he won only about 12 % of the white vote in the Democratic primaries , according to New York Times-CBS News polls , he still did far better than in 1984 , and clearly struck a chord with many whites
They are pointing guns at the people, who are bullets of their desires.
Count the scars on your soul 
If you ever want your soul to dance in the clouds you will at some point have to juggle lightning and taste the thunder.
The President brushed aside the accusations 
He and others also figure Midwesterners are more likely than other citizens to step up and buy houses and durables if the manufacturing trend holds
He was worried they might spill everything about him 
Without the internet, those that are less fortunate simply cannot escape the clutches of poverty as they do not have the tools necessary to get out.
Mr. Applegate said he sees the third-quarter earnings reports now flooding the market as the best results that can be expected for some time
the dollar hovered between 145 . 50 and 147 yen in the days just before the talks . 
Jaime Rosenthal said he was stepping down as President Azcona 's economic adviser , but staying on as vice president
The house was a tomb. 
And when Mr. Dukakis 's 46-minute address had ended -- as the confetti and the balloons rained down and jubilant delegates waved an estimated 10 , 000 American flags -- Mr. Jackson , his wife and family joined the Dukakis and Bentsen families on the platform
Kubota Ltd . , for example , has poured about $ 75 million into some of Silicon Valley 's hottest companies , including MIPS Computer Systems and Ardent Computer
The Justice Department matched this effort by forming an Environmental Crimes Unit and by targeting environmental crime as a high priority for FBI investigations
the yen sank below 145 at one point despite intervention by the bank of japan . 
Thus , a first milestone has been reached on the road to rebuilding an international monetary order , though it rests on the will and ability of governments to impose self-discipline
She had the ash of disillusion gritting under her teeth.
She wrote powerful and painful words 
She was sure she was living this fantasy romance and kept deluding herself 
life is just a dream in the night 
The iron in the tail of the animal was a restless needle. 
Here in Ohio , some Democrats worry that Mr. Bush 's dismissal of his opponent as a Massachusetts liberal may drown out the Democrat 's message on the economy
harahap said it was better to import to cover a temporary shortage than to lose export markets . 
`` He gave me the job and stuck with me , even though I really was n't very good at first
It recently sued a small local factory that was knocking off its knock-off with a game called Entrepreneurs
She was the light of my life. 
She is ocean and mountain and tongue and religion.
Love in such a way that it haunts the hate in others.
All eyes are fixed on 18 television sets showing the changing of the guard at Buckingham Palace
When a product idea is under consideration it's "crawling". Then under discovery it's "walking". And when it's under development it's "running". And once it goes live it's "living". 
Soon she is not only bringing her wheelchair-bound master snacks , she 's knocking off people he dislikes -- and only too slowly
It reveals that while PACs are flourishing , political competition is n't
volcker warned a further dollar fall might force the politically independent fed to drive up interest rates . 
Let your humility guard your pride . . . Vanity shouldnt be allowed to be with such a delicate thing . 
Meanwhile , the U.S. quietly tries to persuade former Israeli Defense Minister Sharon not to undercut Shamir by attacking the peace effort
`` The risk is , business will melt away . '
When the chairman of Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corp. flew into town a few months ago in the corporate jet , a small group of trainmen here knew they had struck a raw nerve
Perhaps the most surprising finding of the commission was that in 50 major Big Board stocks , 30 % of the specialists sold more shares on Oct. 19 than they bought , apparently pouring gasoline on an already raging fire
For Americans to fail to grasp the significance of these developments is to invite greater and more unpleasant surprises than we 've had so far
Any bad news knocks stocks down , '' he said
Jane knew these dicsussions were the seeds of a potential conflict
Back then in 1876 , Wagner nearly went bankrupt trying to fill up his new theater , and a good many who did attend , among them Tchaikovsky , left word of the boredom they barely conquered listening to this gigantic parable of love , lust , power and greed dovetailed over decades out of quaint Nordic myths and some 200 leitmotives
much of the debt has been watered down but big sums are still owed by individuals and companies . 
He also attacked a House panel for disclosing at least three pending SEC inquiries
If the `` done deal '' is undone by one of the regulatory bodies , he expects back-up bidders to move in and has targeted a worstcase price of $ 22 a share
But striking a compromise will be tough because lawmakers fiercely disagree about what should be done
the crowd was a roaring river 
Well, son, I’ll tell you: Life for me ain’t been no crystal stair
In Washington , former Treasury Secretary James A. Baker and former Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul A. Volcker , architects of the present flagging international debt strategy , have both stepped down
I was about to step forth on a dare from my editor when a spaced-out blonde weaved out of the crowd
These events could fracture the balance of power.
the five institutes had jointly forecast three pct 1987 growth in october last year . 
Every person has bitter memories 
`` He said that if everyone who had a gun to his head pulled the trigger at the same time , he would vaporize , '' recalls one meeting participant
the meat was swimming in a fatty gravy
The captain was a tall and noble statue. 
Mr. Borge ridicules anti-government marchers and muses about establishing a `` museum of political parties '' to show future generations what some of the more-conservative groups were like , since he expects them to wither under the forces of history
Her eyes were fireflies
Common Cause has attacked the Ways and Means Committee 's proposal to repeal the $ 3 , 000 limit on the deductibility of congressional living expenses in Washington , D.C
And your very flesh shall be a great poem.
When they repeated the tests with the special precautions , the sensational results evaporated
The weeks crawled by until we could meet again
The Tokyo Stock Exchange has twice this year raised margin requirements in an effort to cool the Tokyo market 's sharp rally , but share prices have continued upward as the moves were widely viewed as , if anything , healthy and reassuring
Some of my favourite seconds on Earth are the seconds filled with my lips spilled upon your collarbone and my hair nestled into your fist.
Your Oct. 18 international-page article `` Lawson Accused of Miscues on Economy: British Chancellor Strayed From Strict Monetarism '' illustrates that a country can not radically reduce marginal tax rates without a deterioration of its current trade account ; nor can it continue to simultaneously keep exchange rates fixed without suffering an inevitable increase in its inflation rate
He lived in a state of deep terror 
Though the company 's cash flow looks healthy on paper , one analyst said , much of it has to be plowed back into operations
Equity capital is the clearest picture of a bank 's net worth and its ability to absorb additional losses
some seven billion marks is expected to flow in next week . 
the operation will raise the outstanding supply of the bills to a record 4 , 800 billion yen . 
? " but they ' re not out of the woods yet ," he added . 
We had to sharpen our arguments
It is the growth of the Hidden Economy -- these millions of small , private businesses -- that cushions the shock of a crashing Dow , that absorbs the workers cut loose by big firms when they restructure and that created most of those 17 million jobs
This piano wants the attention of a competent tuner
The oil-service business has been dragging the company 's stock price down since the oil industry peaked in 1981
They said the amounts were small and the action was interpreted as more an attempt to smooth volatility and slow the dollar 's ascent than to stop it
Advertised with pictures of frolicking yuppies and the slogan `` Jazz is born -- Macintosh boogies , '' Jazz disappointed business users and never captured the new market Lotus targeted
He hated the stench of failure. 
The growing consensus in the computer industry is that midsized products are the weakest part of IBM 's business right now , and that IBM needs to fix that problem in 1988
The cold pierced her bones.
The dark is an unknown and scary black blanket, a place of nightmares. It is a deep hole where light cannot reach, and where horror resides.
France 's Socialist government resurrected the previous government 's plan to pump 12 billion francs -LRB- $ 1.88 billion -RRB- into state-owned auto maker Regie Nationale des Usines Renault , a move that may raise hackles in the European Community
War was a nightmare. 
The faculty meeting was a real war 
By pumping money into coverage of local business , the papers aimed at an affluent and influential audience in their communities
If only employees would learn to `` prioritize and organize , '' corporate executives often argue , then tardy reports , missed deadlines and frantic late nights would disappear
he noted growth in the money supply slowed after mid - january . 
Performing his own compositions , traditional R & B tunes , zydeco originals and his interpretations of rock numbers , Buck and the band spit out the kind of crackling music that 's been missing since the heyday of Stax Records , when Booker T. and the MGs pumped a driving rhythm behind Sam & Dave , Carla Thomas and Otis Redding
If Europe should be a region where merchandise moves freely , why should n't people flow freely
His selection now evokes memories of the Boston-Austin axis struck when Mr. Dukakis 's political hero , John Kennedy , picked Sen. Lyndon Johnson as his running mate in 1960
net profit rose to 18 . 5 billion lire from 448 mln lire in 1985 . 
`` He could n't take being dragged in
During the conflict the seeds of peace were planted. 
His heart was scalded.
But expert systems stumble on many problems involving fuzzy data , since they require too many rules covering too many variations
Vice Chairman William J. McDonough , a former State Department official and now the peacekeeper between First Chicago 's two executive camps , smooths it all over this way: `` A traumatic decision in 1986 became a no-brainer in 1987 . '
Ad agency J. Walter Thompson Co . , moving to fill what is widely viewed as a critical management gap , hired a senior executive from rival Omnicom Group Inc. to become its top financial officer
The results of the study will be used by nonprofit groups eager to identify potential donors and will be incorporated into advertisements for the `` Give Five '' program that will be targeted next year to young professionals , Mr. O'Connell says
In April 1981 , the task force targeted some 30 regulatory changes -- reducing the cost of producing automobiles by more than a billion dollars a year without compromising legitimate regulatory protections
By 1983 he had become so absorbed in his quest that he resigned as China correspondent for The Wall Street Journal and spent much of the next four years in China visiting relatives , searching libraries and scrabbling through underbrush looking for grave sites
earnings per share reflects two - for - one common stock split on march 15 . 
While Mr. Gorbachev preached togetherness yesterday , Romania was kicking Hungary 's ambassador out of the country
Our view is that the Russians and Cubans figured this out some time ago , which is why , despite Mr. Reagan 's occasional speeches , they never hesitated to pour advisers and war materiel by the ton into Nicaragua
They were stirring excitement 
products registering high export growth were jewellery up 64 pct , clothing 57 pct and rubber 35 pct . 
It is targeted at space testing of SDI technologies
In fact , the biggest problem facing a Jimmy Snyder or Gary Hart today is n't the loss of job or candidacy but the likelihood that he will have to drag his offense forever , like a tin bell , all across the land
Mr. Axinn continued that the defendants want a `` level playing field '' with the plaintiffs , but the judge interrupted and said , `` they -LRB- the states -RRB- have built the field and you want to play on it . '
None of this seems to have damped the spirits of the hall 's backers , who plan to kick off a new fund-raising drive this fall
She was crushed by his refusal of her invitation
While filling movie houses and exciting donors are both honorable tasks , the facts do n't support the histrionics
Adam did not understand the root of the crisis  
Mr. Harris says the free-trade agreement gives Canadian steel producers more secure access to the huge U.S. market and reduces the threat of U.S. quotas , which he said almost struck his company four years ago
When I met the boss he seemed bitter about the whole story
The statement is enough to drag one back to one 's dog-eared copy of Madison 's 10th Federalist to read again that government sometimes exists to protect imperfect people from one another
All our words are but crumbs that fall down from the feast of the mind.
but komatsu is reluctant to push hard for a similar decision on a gottardo subsidiary . 
claim payouts fell to 9 . 9 mln guilders after 66 . 6 mln the previous year . 
Ashland Oil Inc . , riding an upturn in the chemicals business , posted sharply higher fiscal second-quarter earnings
He is the apple of my eye. 
Taking over a business from a parent is n't always smooth sailing
we laid in fields of gold 
They emerged with a 20-year program targeted to three Michigan communities: Battle Creek , an impoverished rural area and a segment of innercity Detroit
Big money and big media are the stuff of the Washington that Sen. Williams did n't stick around for
But Mr. Bergen , still thinking about Dan Quayle , wants most to say in 1992 about a President Bush: `` He did n't die . '
He sees many cars every day , and the Reatta clearly sticks out on first sight
The animal shakes its tail in the air like a whip. 
Grand Metropolitan PLC , seeking to knock down another legal impediment to its proposed acquisition of Pillsbury Co . , said it would dispose of Pillsbury 's barge and towboat business if it gained control of the Minneapolis food and restaurant concern
As it is , the current capacity utilization rate of about 83 % at the nation 's factories `` typically touches off a capital spending boom . '
Solitude was an easily obtained paradise.
Using another feed formula , Rosemary Farms in Santa Maria , Calif . , has started rolling out an egg that it says has 55 % less cholesterol than normal -LRB- though such claims are controversial -RRB-
Sometimes it stumbled
By the time Mr. Torres got his ether , agents had planted electronic beepers inside the barrels
Mr. Stambaugh then moved to Florida and filed for divorce there ; a Florida circuit court dissolved the marriage but left the financial settlement to be determined elsewhere because the couple 's principal assets were Pennsylvania real estate
Long renowned with East Germany for its relatively respectable economic performance , Czechoslovakia has lately been displaying worrying symptoms of the ills that have , in fact , long been eating away at its core
U.S. drug agents estimate that about 40 % of all the cocaine and marijuana pouring into America comes through the Bahamas ; of that , at times as much as half may have been run through Bimini , agents say
See the sun  far off  a shriveled orange in a sky gone black 
He was in a black mood. 
When the architects of our republic wrote the magnificent words of the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence, they were signing a promissory note to which every American was to fall heir.
-- With the only refinery in Panama , Texaco was dragged into a controversy with the Reagan administration over tax payments to the Noriega regime ; it now has stopped making such payments
Mr. Bluey , who reports to SEC enforcement chief Gary Lynch , says he will particularly watch for accounting violations in pumping up sales , cost deferral and new types of financial instruments
`` It would be much too much to say this will destroy either the parent company or {Cosmos} , '' says Dan Nielsen , an analyst with SBCI Securities -LRB- Asia -RRB- Ltd
in japan and west germany by contrast , domestic demand should rise faster than gnp . 
And although the firm has become involved in some hostile transactions in recent years , its representation of a major unsolicited bid by a foreign concern struck some takeover professionals as unusual
Pressure mounted on Pakistan to sign an accord aimed at securing the withdrawal of about 115 , 000 Soviet troops from neighboring Afghanistan , but Islamabad appeared to be sticking to its demand for a new government in Kabul to oversee the pullout
`` Sure there 's clutter , but I find it easy to ignore , '' says the film maker , his glasses resting , per usual , on his bald pate
The world is a stage, where everyone is a player, and then the curtain falls.
Mr. Bush avoided making any serious gaffes , while striking at his opponent in spirited fashion
Silence was crushing . I knew the moment had arrived
Sales were climbing after prices were lowered
The indictment alleges that Ms. Myerson gave Justice Gabel 's daughter a $ 19 , 000-a-year city job in exchange for fixing Mr. Capasso 's 1985 divorce case
His public-relations people have flooded reporters with copies of his speeches
The great gold apples of light hang from the street’s long bough dripping their light on the faces that drift below
Mining industry analysts consider it unlikely Impala would be kicked off the land before the lease expires in the year 2003
The Investment Company Institute , a Washington-based trade association , said the increase partly reflected money flowing back to the funds from longer-term debt instruments amid this week 's uneven bond-market performance
The subject is Oedipus 's death , and perhaps because death is the one thing that still fills us with awe , the excellence of this scene transmits a shiver of the tragedy 's original force
The living silence seemed the body of reality in him, subtle, potent, indiscoverable. 
Typically , he says , a company that discovers irregularities asks the offending executive to resign without a pension or severance pay , and the affair is quietly smoothed over
" the first domino is you have an investor with a considerable stake . 
the diw and ifo forecast the economy would pick up after a slow start to the year . 
Bush and Dukakis should be asked to clarify where they stand on this important distinction , for it 's clear that the real work of fixing the schools will fall to local politicians and school boards
You disagree ? Ok  shoot 
Mr. Takeda , for one , thinks the Thais turned away from communism after the Vietnamese invaded Cambodia in 1979 and Thailand was flooded with refugees from its communist neighbors
The animal in the middle of the sea was a mountain. 
`` By lending for reckless deals , some lenders are helping the borrowers drown themselves , '' asserts Dean Dickie , an attorney specializing in bankruptcy law
Conscience is a man’s compass.
Maria’s eyes are fireflies, sparkling, speaking, and expressing many things.
In a sense, we've come to our nation's capital to cash a check. 
`` But we also do n't want to hem and haw with phrases like 'passed away ' or 'no longer with us. '
physical rubber trading was launched in 1985 , with coffee added in january 1986 . 
Already , he has changed the French political landscape in a way that may be more long-lasting than the Reagan Revolution in the U.S. Building the Socialist Party from scratch in 1971 , Mr. Mitterrand went on to prove that a leftist could get elected without France 's flying apart
He locked his hands around her neck.
Federal investigators also are examining whether Peck employees may have emulated any improper trading for their own or the firm 's account , people familiar with the investigation said
The thaw in U.S.-Soviet relations has touched many areas of Soviet life
Here comes the fool with his foggy brain 
Don't mention Tom 's promotion to Mike as it would be a red flag to a bull. 
When we stop accepting crumbs in the name of love , only then we can equally appreciate the silence of solitude and festivity of loving . 
The Boston-area condominium market , for years one of the hottest in the country , has finally cooled off
Universe wrote fiction in us: it's called fear.
The Mulroney administration was touched by scandal early on
In his excitement , he has stumbled into hot-dog territory with naivete , which is characteristic of the big , brash and growing metropolis on the banks of Lake Michigan
Now its 12 , 000 acres of manmade hills , soaring granite towers and glistening plazas linked by Venetian canals are flooded with almost a billion dollars in debt
the dollar fall was one means of reducing the massive u . s . current account deficit . 
During most of this decade , apparel prices rose slowly , because low-priced imports flooded into the U.S. and domestic manufacturers tried to stay competitive
In May , Pinnacle said the partnership between SunCor and Mr. Diddy had been `` dissolved '' so that SunCor could control development of the property that the partnership had acquired , but Pinnacle did n't give further details of his departure
Researchers at the University of Illinois , which Mr. Harvey said may have found a chemical that prevents the disease , were also flooded with phone calls
But he grasped the potential of putting the two together
upon such occasions poor Mr . Woodhouses feelings were in sad warfare . 
The remaining members have agreed to dissolve the facility , though they say they may form a new , smaller claims agency
he drowned in a sea of grief
I won't stoop to reading other people's mail.
He felt a wave of excitement 
The old woman had an open heart 
`` Money does tend to flow into the best-performing funds rather than the bottom funds that are poised for recovery , '' says Fidelity 's Mr. Litvack
O Moon your light is failing and now you are just a cold bow 
Cohen and Kravis was described as cordial , angry charges flew like hail behind the scenes
Next time he should produce his own movie , as he has here , so that if it becomes a blockbuster he is n't stuck with his director 's salary of a paltry million or two
Tokyo activity was directionless as the heavy trading of the morning session evaporated in the afternoon
The World Wildlife Fund is trying to attack the problem at its source , by working with developing countries to control the poaching and set up wildlife management programs
Iran was riding high then as its army pounded Basra , Iraq 's second largest city
Our new synthetic fabric breathes and is perfect for summer wear
For one , the industry has poured a fortune into advertisements designed to promote plastic bags , trashcan liners and other household products that are , as the television commercial goes , hefty , hefty , hefty
Some burn out nearly overnight , leaving someone stuck with lots of unmovable inventory
The New York Stock Exchange composite index also touched a high since the crash but pulled back to close at 144.82 , up 0.28 but below its Oct. 21 level of 145.02
" but i think they will eventually kill the margins on the profitable chemicals in the niche market ." 
`` There are early signs that marketers have perceived a coupon glut and are questioning the efficacy of pouring out billions of them every year , '' said Joseph Laird , an investment banker active in the information industry
They are irate about new capital-adequacy requirements that force securities firms to pump at least 20 % more capital into reserves
But GM is stuck with more than a 200-day supply of Novas , far above the 60-day to 65-day supply considered normal
If the June deficit turns out to have been significantly wider than in May , many analysts expect the dollar to drop sharply and to drag bond prices down with it
His heart was tormented within him.
My personal feelings color my judgment in this case
He blazed away at the men.
Programs targeted for `` possible privatization '' include some Postal Service operations and the management of minimum-security prisons
large initial costs for these products have depressed net profits somewhat . 
They were mostly silent, talking as their thoughts strayed through their minds.
It razed the Sirri and Sasson platforms in the southern gulf , knocking out the command and control radar facilities of the Iranian military that come to bear on the Hormuz Strait choke point
Even with so much riding on the outcome , the obstacles to an agreement remain formidable
The guy was a floating whale in the small swimming pool. 
But a KKR spokesman , saying the RJR-Shearson group would sell more RJR assets in a takeover than KKR , denied any such plan: `` They think we want to destroy Atlanta
The employee swallows her anger 
The preacher and civil rights leader went after Mr. Dukakis yesterday , attacking him for failing to give specifics on budget questions
The night sky flared with the massive bombardment.
McDonald 's is flourishing in 11 other nations in the region
revenues from telephone operations rose eight pct to 2 . 9 billion dlrs . 
it said it expects " very good " earnings and revenue growth this year . 
That implies production slowdowns , which could result in job losses and weaker consumer spending , which in turn would cause the economy to drag its heels further
It always rained in my life  he said 
The mother was swelling with importance when she spoke of her son
Describing the hospital-room scene on the day of the assassination attempt , where doctors and technicians were racing to save the life of the stricken leader of the free world , Mr. Speakes volunteers that though President Reagan was a robust 70-year-old , `` he had the body of an older man , with a bit of flab and withered muscles that are dead giveaways that the body is not quite what it used to be . '
And Michigan Gov. James Blanchard is appointing a commission to `` look at how you strike the balance '' between the warring factions , the governor 's spokesman says
He had a full bag of memories to unload. 
But he did say that `` there are no heads that are going to roll . '
Meanwhile , prices in parts of the North that missed the boom might start rising
But Mr. Hewett says a prolonged argument in the Kremlin over how and when to introduce market-oriented prices could delay other reforms and even destroy them if the price issue is n't honestly resolved
Listen to the pain of others.
And in a withering critique of Wall Street 's performance , the report shows that key participants -- including some major firms , stock exchange specialists and portfolio insurers -- not only failed to stem the chaos , but helped make it worse
His condescending attitude made my blood boil. 
The faculty meeting was a circus 
They are so consumed by their own power , by a Mussolini-like ego , that their willingness to run over normal human beings and to destroy honest institutions is unending . '
During that period I had made a number of wilderness trips into war zones in an effort to examine the reliability of the many conflicting human-rights reports and present an overall picture of the Contra war 's human toll
It is that whatever tendencies any of them might have to talk turkey to the voters is withered by the clear evidence that the voters are not yet ready to hear it
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I, I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference. 
My room is a dreamland, With fluffy pillows its clouds And Chirping birds its angels.
The improvements have `` been a catalyst for other owners nearby to fix up their buildings too , '' adds David Fiederlein , the building agent
By spreading the benefits of economic development into depressed regions , Massachusetts economic policy has attacked structural unemployment
`` We 're not attacking the core assets ; we 're looking at what we consider to be our less-profitable assets , '' the spokesman said
The ex-boxer's job is to bounce people who want to enter this private club
the dinar fell by 73 . 1 pct against a basket of hard currencies in 1986 . 
She wanted to roll over his IRA into one in her own name , so she sought the IRS 's opinion
International Business Machines Corp . , Siemens AG , and Bell Atlantic Corp. have stepped up their cooperative drive for a slice of the emerging European market for computerized telephone services
He added: `` There is so much space out there that people are making deals at good prices , absorbing space
Most budget experts agree that any credible solution to the deficit problem will have to attack two political sacred cows: taxes and Social Security
Middle age dulled her appetite for travel
A state judge in Manhattan ordered White & Case to provide an accounting of the firm 's assets as of June 30 , the day lawyers in the firm voted to dissolve their partnership and re-form without longtime partner Evan R. Dawson
Yesterday , Alan J. Brody , Comex chairman , president and chief executive officer , accused Nymex of dragging its feet on the closely watched talks
The roots of progress are in technological development. 
revenue from dutch operations rose five pct in 1986 , mainly due to its life insurance business . 
Painting is an untamed animal, That a painter is free to show his/her feelings.
it is midnight now : all masks fall 
currency dealers here and in the far east said the dollar gained slight background support from the speculation . 
She buried her ears in the calm of his heartbeat.
The distinction between the two theories blurred
I loved her not for the way she danced with my angels but for the way the sound of her name could silence my demons.
I have to stop making roses out of guns.
Though besieged by friends who `` want me to pick them a winner , '' he does n't bet often
A hospital bed is a parked taxi with the meter running.
Am I supposed to swallow that story?
Pyongyang would like nothing better than to rain on Seoul 's parade
Its a marshmallow world in the winter : multiple musical notes : getthisoutofmyhead 
She puts it this way: `` Let 's kick their fanny from here to yonder ! `
You will love the new train  it is a heavenly ride 
There is n't any indication that it could destroy the AIDS virus itself
The combination was supposed to make First RepublicBank Texas 's dominant financial institution ; instead , its $ 24.1 billion loan portfolio has withered in the state 's hard-scrabble economy
As a result , Mr. Bhirud said , the market may have trouble escaping from its recent trading range
Mr. Dill , 48 years old , succeeds Donald K. Thostenson , 53 , who stepped down for health reasons
The campaign against Boston 's rats will require pouring , in a manner of speaking , millions of dollars down rat holes
Sport is war minus the shooting. 
The opening salvo came on Memorial Day , when the Guard kicked off a celebration of its 75th year at Camp Grayling
Salsa and rap music pour out of the windows
He was so happy he felt his heart was exploding 
Mr. Choi , filling three pages with computations , offers this stern -- and unsettling -- advice to one American business reporter: `` Do n't write about investing this summer
He ignores the fact that if the defendants were less affluent , it is unlikely that either plaintiff or lawyer would be playing in this legalistic sweepstakes
The faces of both sisters suddenly lit up with amusement.
Mr. Instone , 64 years old , stepped down in February from his posts as president and chief executive officer
Public judges could appear , in the public imagination , as nothing more than besieged bureaucrats
" now both oil and gas prices are severely depressed ," johnston said . 
The moon was full and bright 
Two roads diverged in a yellow wood. I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.
The agreement apparently struck in Nicaragua between the Sandinistas and the Contras considerably discredits the alarms set off a few days ago by the Reagan administration over the Nicaraguan `` invasion '' of Honduras
Last March , Judge Alex Kozinski of the appeals court in San Francisco struck down a San Francisco plan earmarking 30 % of city contracts for minority-owned businesses and 10 % for firms owned by women
The thunderous roar of the ceiling's collapse was loud enough to wake the dead. 
Six years ago , Mr. Slusher stumbled across Harry Fisher while reading about Medal of Honor winners
Marriage is not a house or even a tent. It is before that, and colder: this far we are learning to make fire.
But on this wintry afternoon when the air is filled with the smell of homemade cinnamon buns , Doris Van Sickle , once the Boone County Democratic women 's chairman , is surrounded by her new allies -- political novices eager to meet Marlene Elwell , the Michigan housewife who has organized the Midwest for the former religious broadcaster
The flames of the fire shot up faster than a trio of lightning bolts. 
He added that employees who do n't move to the rival 's factory in Chicago probably will be absorbed by Bally 's growing fitness-equipment manufacturing businesses
We know so perfectly how to give birth to the monsters inside us.
The Suez group has said it will dissolve the Belgian company 's current 23-member board and create a two-tier management , with a chief executive running day-to-day operations and a management committee that defines strategy
The sky was on fire and he felt pain pouring down. 
Re your page-one story `` To Mark Year 2000 , Some Events Will Be Out of This World , '' June 27: I 'd hate to pour water on anybody 's millennial observance , but 2000 is the last year of the 20th century
Resources stock prices were knocked broadly lower in early trading following a steep decline of the New York gold price Friday
He thinks equity investors are bothered that short-term interest rates have n't eased despite the evidence of a cooling economy
The new Clore-backed directors viewed their counterparts as stodgy pillars of the San Francisco establishment who failed to grasp KaiserTech 's financial quandary
Some mines were planted by the U.S.-backed guerrillas themselves
The rain tumbles down just to mount up in clouds again.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul and paints his own nature into his pictures. 
lex shares fell on the announcement to trade around 409p from a 419p close yesterday . 
If he eventually wins the war -- curbs Eastern 's costs and fixes Continental 's service problems -- his airlines , with their exceptional size and market dominance , may become for him a kind of mass-production profit machine
But by 1985 the boom was over , and sales had withered to $ 100 million
offshore buying has also played a role in the booming australian share market . 
But Mead kept the information flowing to all bona fide customers of its service
E.F. HUTTON & CO.: Now in the process of being absorbed by Shearson Lehman Brothers , Hutton does n't seem to have picked stocks as well as Shearson did
But yesterday it was a dollar-boosting dispatch from a Japanese news service that was primarily responsible for dragging precious metals prices back down , analysts said
Many American firms are stumbling badly , and most of their problems appear to stem from their mistaken assumption that what works at home will work in Britain
I'll throw my voice into the stars and maybe the echo of my words will be written for you in the clouds by sunrise.
this may land you in jail
sow suspicion or beliefs
the event had every promise of happiness for her friend . 
In 1986 , the company slipped into the red with a loss of 40 million marks on massive inventory write-downs on out-of-fashion products that missed new leisure trends set by emerging competitors
Now it falls to William H. Spoor , the 65-year-old former chairman , to fix things
Donald Ogilvie , executive vice president of the American Bankers Association , hailed the Senate vote and said that it would lend `` momentum '' to advocates of similar legislation in the House
Among the hundreds of pages of affidavits and depositions filed by the SEC with a federal court in New York earlier this week are sworn statements by six of Mr. Wang 's colleagues in Morgan Stanley 's mergers and acquisitions department indicating that he was intimately familiar with much of their work , and sometimes may have pumped them for details
This little romp does n't miss a cliche
Although Warner stuck with the original cover in the hardback edition , the paperback cover conveys a much stronger feeling of a thriller about Soviet espionage ; it shows dog tags emblazoned with a hammer and sickle and includes some blurbs calling it `` chilling , compelling . .
Under the proposed merger , Wheelabrator Technologies will absorb Waste Management 's Tampa , Fla . , incinerator and three other waste-to-energy projects the company has under development in Broward County , Fla . ; Dakota County , Minn . ; and Falls Township , Pa
Letters flooded in to Social Work , most of them chastising both the authors and the respected journal , which has a circulation of 116 , 000
In a sense , the 43-year-old Mr. Lucas has more riding on `` Willow '' than anybody
Thankfully , none of it stuck
And its matter-of-fact citizens are taking the long view-as befits a place where , in the words of Mr. Dyer 's Boonville history , `` past and present slowly dissolve one into the other . '
The faculty meeting was a war 
France was drowning in wheat and it needed to get wheat out of warehouses
A sudden fierce anger swept over the girl, violent and murderous.
Jack Laporte , a mutual-fund manager at T. Rowe Price Associates Inc. in Baltimore , says people can find a reason to worry whether the economy shows signs of heating up or cooling off
As for Peleg he took it more like a philosopher. 
Observers said the surprise move , just before the four-day midautumn festival holiday , was designed to cool the stock market investment craze
I elegantly bloom in July, Clad in a delicate silk, I am a fringed lily.
Mr. Berg 's murderers were bent on destroying what they call ZOG -LRB- Zionist Occupied Government -RRB-
All the publicity caused the canine officer who had overlooked the dynamite to step forward
He was living in his dream world  shutting his eyes in front of reality 
She 's been able to stick to this policy , largely because of the nature of her music
The tornado ripped along the coast.
She watched a big wave running unnoticed, to burst in a shock of foam against a rock, enveloping all in a great white beauty.
The short-sellers have come bounding in , waiting for the company to stumble
wallin said the 15 pct earnings growth for fiscal 1988 does not include dilutions from acquisitions . 
`` It is actually easier for this market to absorb small increases for the yen -LRB- against the dollar -RRB- , '' Mr. Nakaharu said , `` although of course a sudden fall for the dollar would be a problem . '
Labor unions , too , attack the underground economy
Like Mr. Bush , Mr. Dukakis wants to step up the use of `` clean '' natural gas by eliminating legal and regulatory barriers that block big gas users from bargaining directly with producers
The critics puffed up this Broadway production
representatives of sugar growers have rejected the proposal , saying it would ruin the domestic sugar industry . 
i am really stoked about going abroad in the fall . and well next week but thats for completely different reasons . imissmyboyfriend 
Mr. Weicker , breakfasting with his third wife , Claudia , at a local diner on Coca-Cola , rice pudding , scrambled eggs and hash browns , says the race is close because Mr. Lieberman has been `` slinging the {expletive deleted} in TV commercials for four months , and some of it started to stick . '
The merits of that defense are to be argued today in Delaware Chancery Court , the same court that earlier this week struck down Interco Inc. 's poison pill
Judges thus destroyed the time frame used in assessing risk
The warrior was a lion on the battlefield
She was the doorway to him, he to her.
The roots of the war were in the economical crisis 
An example: Last fall , Joseph Biden 's campaign was destroyed after a leaked videotape showed similarities between his speech and one given by British Labor Party leader Neil Kinnock
Two rivers of blood, are man and wife, two distinct eternal streams, that have the power of touching and communing and so renewing.
Investors ' fears have touched the bonds of companies not immediately identified as takeover targets
With her everything around me screamed a declaration of life.
You were the golden boy back then 
The Reagan administration is pushing for Noriega to step down and permit free elections
the cost of living index fell 0 . 14 pct to 434 . 49 in january 1986 . 
That in turn will help drag down growth next year , it adds
Everything redounded to his glory.
Sunbelt , which had $ 2.3 billion in assets , rolled up a $ 1.2 billion net loss in its fiscal fourth quarter , ended March 31 , that accounted for half the $ 2.4 billion loss in regulatory capital incurred by the nation 's federally insured thrifts during that period
Saudi Arabia is expected to continue flooding the market with oil for at least two more weeks , until two OPEC committees meet to consider how they might rein in production and prop up prices
Last week , according to reports from Beirut , forces of the Iranian-directed Hezbollah , or Party of God , forced the rival , Syrian-backed Amal militia to withdraw from parts of the Lebanese capital 's Shiite Moslem slums and planted Iranian flags atop the mosques there
Great Western Bank unveiled a bid to escape from the insolvent FSLIC and switch to the FDIC , which would be a blow to the thrift insurer
All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree.
Ethnic hatred and economic hardship , neither of them new to Yugoslavia , have begun to blend over the past few weeks into a political poison the country 's leaders may be about to drink
It is the East, and Juliet is the sun! Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon, Who is already sick and pale with grief.
Ronald Simmons , the board 's president , said the meeting was scheduled because the board has been `` flooded with phone calls '' for several weeks about rumors of a sweeping IBM cut of the Boca Raton work force
Mr. Lee has targeted three of the former Japanese banks
He always had an interest for the fruit of knowledge 
In recent years , Drexel has poured far more resources into areas such as high-yield , `` junk '' bonds , merger and acquisition advice and mortgage-backed securities
I leave her there , pouring out her words into the darkness . '
I gather you have not done your homework.
poison someone's mind
The case makes New York state seem almost ungrateful for the way it responded to a federal law that pumped $ 675 million of Uncle Sam 's funds into 21 troubled New York thrifts a few years ago
the stocks of other textile makers rose along with burlington . 
sorrow had lined his face
I have authored a bill to implement community-based gang violence intervention programs that would target elementary and junior high schools most affected by gang violence , providing job training , family and individual counseling and other techniques to limit the appeal of gangs and to teach vulnerable youngsters not to need to depend on drugs or gangs
It 's not that Mr. Ferri is n't trying to step aside
The new band was absolutely on fire 
Because eight of the GOP contests are winner-take-all by congressional district -LRB- and by statewide totals for at-large delegates -RRB- , Mr. Bush was on course to roll up a huge number of delegates for next summer 's national convention
It never takes longer than a few minutes, when they get together, for everyone to revert to the state of nature, like a party marooned by a shipwreck.
The emotions in it flow between the playwright and his audience
Big holes were blown into the sky, the moonlight blew about.
Then , the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries began to stumble , and a plunge in oil prices launched Apex on its final slide
The café is a forest, Where wild animals scramble for food.
The rate increase by West Germany was a surprise , however , because some economists thought the Bundesbank would n't risk cooling its domestic economy
The last year of her college career was wheeling slowly round.
You have shipwrecked my career.
At Lloyds , for example , additions to loan-loss provisions knocked the key equity-to-assets ratio down to 4.4 % at midyear from 5.8 % at the start of 1987
Emulating Japan 's broad-based conglomerates , Samsung Electronics Co. will officially absorb Samsung Semiconductor & Telecommunications Co
Now , do all of them absorb it and grab it
In doing so , the state is trying to use retirees as a vehicle to achieve a public-policy aim: pumping more jobs and money into its poorest region
Spain is pouring 15 billion pesetas -LRB- $ 122.2 million -RRB- into major new equipment by Ceselsa , a Spanish maker
Then they cried a sea of tears 
He said the leaders will have to deal with an ocean of resentment 
National Broadcasting Co. 's `` Main Event '' won the ratings race for the 8 p.m.-to-9 p.m. time period Friday -- and grabbed the highest NBC ratings for that time slot so far this season
He felt a sudden red pain through his leg 
It recently earmarked $ 50 million to patch up the 70-year-old Mustang assembly plant ; both the plant and the car had been scheduled to die
Floating on the waves we saw the abandoned boat a dark sight indeed. 
he said he expected profits would recover last year ' s lost ground and reach 1985 results . 
He has been wrong on interest rates recently , again because he missed the full impact of the declining dollar , and he concedes that bond prices could fall temporarily
there is no point in having these black thoughts
The promise between us was a flower 
For entrepreneurship to flourish , it must be clear to all Poles that money-making not only will be permitted but also will be fostered
`` We 're not sleeping anymore , '' says Hans Decker , president of New York-based Siemens Capital Corp
Emma watched her through the fluctuations of this speech , and saw no alarming symptoms of love . 
First Federal was then to absorb several other troubled thrifts in federally assisted mergers , as part of the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. 's so-called Southwest Plan to rescue the many ailing savings and loans based in the region
Some U.S. officials believe that in time emotions will cool , and necessity once more will draw Iran toward normalizing relations with the U.S
The scenes two weeks ago of ordinary people in Krasnoyarsk verbally assaulting Mikhail Gorbachev because of the shortage of goods in the shops reflect how deep popular disappointment is over the results of `` perestroika '' thus far
Western diplomats and other observers say the Northrop situation could be a test case of how far the government of South Korea 's newly elected President Roh Tae Woo will go in investigating questionable matters that touch his old friend and political patron , former President Chun
The picture painted in the annual report shows one of the nation 's largest banking corporations besieged by problems that it seems unable to control
The future looks very promising  
When he steps into BG 's shoes on Saturday , it will be in a Carnegie Hall vastly different from the one Mr. Goodman first scaled in 1938
Among those currently plowing millions into non-U.S. investments are the San Francisco City and County Employees Retirement System and state funds in Oregon and Colorado
And all the sky was teeming and tearing along, a vast disorder of flying shapes and darknesses and ragged fumes of light.
Everybody stands up at the session to make sure the meeting does n't drag on and interrupt the day 's routine
She is fishing in troubled waters. 
A recently proposed credit for Ecuador has yet to be completed and Brazil 's bank debt talks have dragged on for weeks longer than expected
Like many Hollywood families , the Reagans have long had an almost touching faith in astrological mumbo jumbo
Nobody cares about the roots of modern civilization. 
America has tossed its cap over the wall of space.
Japanese investors pumped in $ 190 million in this year 's first half
She caught at little things, which saved her from being swept forward headlong in the tide of passion.
applebaum of salomon brothers also sees some seasonal dropoff later in the year . 
Imagination is her drink.
But the euphoria is evaporating as reality sinks in
Faith feeds among the tombs and even from these dead doubts she gathers her most vital hope. 
Sure , everybody knows how the trade deficit , the dollar and index arbitrage helped knock the Dow Jones Industrial Average down 101.46 points Thursday
The computer in the classroom was a dinosaur 
But it 's still a fragile recovery , one that may evaporate with the next U.S. monthly trade figure , some bankers warn
Analysts said Wall Street 's elation over Bush 's victory evaporated as speculation grew that central banks would no longer prop up the dollar
Shocks from one-time changes in the terms of trade should be absorbed by adjustments in exchange-rate terms -- not price levels
People have been predicting Paramount would stumble ever since `` Beverly Hills Cop '' in 1984
Jamie Securities Inc . , once one of Wall Street 's most powerful arbitrage firms , is dissolving because of the continuing legal problems of John A. Mulheren Jr . , its managing partner arrested for allegedly threatening to kill insider trader Ivan F. Boesky
You'd better keep away from Bill today because he's in a black mood. 
It is particularly upset over population growth , namely that the millions of foreign dollars pumped into the country have n't convinced Filipinos that zero population growth is the path to prosperity
The GAO was also to examine if the law has caused excessive red tape for employers , and if the law is being implemented well
The children were roses beautiful and forlorn 
I punch my fist in the air , `` Rocky '' -style , to indicate that I 've grasped the concept
Most patients will not be aware of an expensive test forgone or a consultation not provided -- omissions that can readily escape detection if they are limited in scope
Calm down - there's no need to get all steamed up about it. 
an ancient anger exploded in his heart 
I had already planted the idea in her mind. 
A Wall Street Journal story yesterday said sales of the company 's clot-dissolving drug TPA have cooled a bit from the fast pace in December
The woman burst in a warm laughter 
The lawmaker suggested that Thiokol might be trying to kill the advanced-rocket program to ensure that the current rocket is used even longer
Their primary concern is that the latest campaign , like many others before it , will soon wither away , leaving the gangs firmly in control and more contemptuous of the law than ever
The trick is to focus narrowly on the bonds among guys who have been through hell together and will stick together unto death , without bothering with their attitudes toward the cause for which they are fighting
Several aspects of the criminal-justice process have been examined
While much of the world points to a still-stubborn 8 % unemployment rate , and argues that providing jobs for these 2.2 million Germans would create a new consumer demand , German officials insist that flooding the economy with money wo n't necessarily create jobs
Soviet leader Gorbachev , in a second address to the forum , appealed to the 5 , 000 delegates to adopt his restructuring proposals , saying `` socialism will die unless we reform '' the Soviet political system
It was a fight that filled magazines and books and gave professors case histories for business schools
there is no point in having these dark thoughts
If dry weather cuts normal production by just three bushels an acre , the nation 's soybean stockpiles could evaporate by next year , says Richard Loewy , senior grain and oilseed analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc
The rooms communicated
Katie’s plan to get into college was a house of cards on a crooked table 
The Nazis swallowed the Baltic countries
If the charges stick , it could suggest that some concepts of freedom are a bit too broad
The sales tax is absorbed into the state income tax.
While American and Delta airlines have reputations as places `` where people really like to work , '' employees at Eastern and Continental `` roll their eyes '' when asked about their jobs , said Southern Illinois University associate professor David A. NewMyer
Western military planners will call for the unilateral reduction of short-range nuclear systems that were n't touched by the recent superpower arms treaty , according to Gen. John Galvin , supreme Allied commander in Europe
He fails to properly grasp the nature of the frontier culture , and only superficially understands the dilemma of the native people
At one of the technical sessions that led to the Managua meeting , Lenin Cerna , the notorious former state security chief and now vice-minister of the Interior Ministry , learned that a commercial jet carrying several Contras to Costa Rica from Honduras had touched down briefly in Managua
There were dark corners in his past things he didn't like to remember. 
Texas is indeed the most dramatic and scandalous example of S & L managers plowing money into dubious projects , often with less than an arms-length relationship with developers and totally unrealistic estimates of the potential income streams of the commercial and residential buildings they were financing
The monitor on Megaquest 's bisexual line recently got the conversation rolling by discussing the relative merits of different gender combinations
She circulates among royalty.
He stumbled on a new act while attending a tent revival in Oklahoma in 1968
She was just a trophy to Ricardo 
All the world’s a stage, and all the men and women merely players; They have their exits and their entrances; And one man in his time plays many parts.
The father and grown son walked slowly , their long , ebony shadows in sharp contrast against the tawny strips of switch grass , as the young hunter 's golden retriever melted in and out of sight in front of them
The faculty meeting was a tragedy 
She was lost in her thoughts and memories 
If you want a love message to be heard, it has got to be sent out. To keep a lamp burning, we have to keep putting oil in it.
The Agriculture Department stuck by last month 's estimates of drought damage to 1988 crop yields , predicting once again a 37 % plunge in the nation 's corn harvest and a 23 % drop in soybean production
His lack of interest in the project reflects badly on him
Gillette Co. stepped up its attack on Coniston Partners , a New York investment group seeking four seats on Gillette 's board , saying Coniston acts on behalf of `` a web of as yet unidentified and undisclosed investors , '' including foreigners
In no case did expenditures rise enough after the war to absorb the revenue that would have been available if the war taxes had been retained
Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket.
Industry consultants predict groupware will flourish because personal-computer software that helps individuals work better has n't noticeably increased the productivity of groups
Your words surround me but I will not surrender 
C-Span 's call-in shows had a separate number for international calls , and the signal was being kicked back to Europe via satellite
`` Not having him -- or her -- that 's where we 're stuck , '' he said
I love you, and you, me. The air between us is nothing but a metaphor.
I graduated from the University of Life. All right? I received a degree from the School of Hard Knocks. 
`` I 'm quite sure there was someone within the IBM structure that could have just reached in and fixed it . '
the shares grew to 38 . 1 mln after a 15 pct stock dividend announced last june . 
But the news media 's frenzied attacks on the Republican vice presidential nominee 's military record have missed the point
How can we build a knowledge economy if research is handcuffed? (Barque and Chaumartin 2009) 
While his one live leg made lively echoes along the deck  every stroke of his dead limb sounded like a coffin tap.  
Unfortunately , they wo n't work in the harbor tunnel where business travelers sometimes get stuck on the way in from the airport . . .
As the U.S . , the world 's largest grain producer , has fewer crops to export , other nations will fill the gap
I plan to give her her own eden.
Jordan , with a flagging economy and a 4.2 % annual birth-rate , could n't absorb another influx of refugees no matter how sympathetically it viewed their plight
That implies production slowdowns , which could result in job losses and weaker consumer spending , which in turn would cause the economy to drag its heels further
The Bank of England added that it is `` too early to be sure '' whether the British government 's recent efforts to cool down Britain 's overheated economy `` will prove sufficient to restore the economy to a sustainable path . '
I was home watching the days slip by from my window 
All agree that the state must diversify its industrial base to escape the recently detrimental reliance on oil , said Ron Jones , chairman of the New Orleans Business Council and president of Louisiana Coca Cola Bottling Ltd
The `` victims '' had control of their lives while the good times rolled
Three years ago the airline kicked Mr. Landau and his 1.5 million miles out of the program for allegedly breaking the rules
In this isolated valley where peasants furrow their cornfields with mule-drawn wooden plows , archaeologists are unearthing a cradle of ancient Mexican civilization -- an Olmec settlement that flourished between 1200 and 600 B.C
One of the company 's managing directors , Seymour M. Lotsoff , said he is sticking to short-maturity bonds because `` I 'm not optimistic about interest rates . '
He said he hoped the new exam would help put to rest recurring charges by teacher unions and others that existing teacher tests do n't accurately assess classroom skills and are unfair to minorities
in the blue sky the sunset is a rose
Since introducing its first cooler in late 1985 , Seagram has grabbed a 36 % market share and with eight flavors on the market has kept increasing its revenue at the expense of others
And while profits are booming at Capital Cities ' TV stations , ABC 's loss dragged down the broadcast group
To keep those flowerpots from flying , companies more and more try to prepare employees for working with AIDS patients
This young man knows how to climb the social ladder
Lillian Vernon Corp . , a mail-order company , said it is experiencing delays in filling orders at its new national distribution center in Virginia Beach , Va
Some diamond analysts said dealers may find it difficult to absorb De Beers latest price increase , particularly since it followed a 10 % rise in prices in early October
Most historians of the Tulipmania were so intent on demonstrating the follies of speculative markets and thereby providing a case for controlling market activities that they neglected to examine the market fundamentals of bulb pricing
Time flies 
A senior administration official says Gen. Noriega , who has been indicted by two U.S. grand juries on drug charges , is only `` the most obvious product but not the cause '' of the country 's weak civilian leadership , rampant corruption and flourishing money-laundering operations
That means just patching their patches , like some farmer making do with a secondhand tractor , until they wither away
Chaos is a friend of mine.
His mind groped to make the connection
Democratic candidates are plagued by confusion over the lessons of Vietnam , reluctant to take on new military obligations , troubled by the buildup in American military power in the Reagan years and besieged here in Iowa by interest groups assailing even the current level of U.S. engagements
It was Jack Germond and Jules Witcover who divined his `` thunderstorm strategy '' -- he keeps wandering around waiting for lightning to strike
I have to kill the program 
Over-the-counter stocks began November in the same funk in which they plowed through October , as OTC indexes slipped slightly on low volume
Mr. Meese of course had good personal reasons for the infernal device he left behind ; Washington 's Democrats have been trying to destroy Ed Meese since the day he arrived in town , for no reason other than that he looked like an easier target than Ronald Reagan
`` Without voodoo , we would drown in our misery . '
The news was on fire and in flames. 
It no longer fills its stage with second-rate English aria-mongers
But the rally evaporated around midday as rumors began to spread that Wall Street would open lower
`` It feels , '' says one uneasy rider , `` like I 'm riding the tailgate of a tornado . '
Making the Paris-Dakar rally less perilous , Mr. Sabine says , might kill it
The protein , called CD4 , mimics the virus 's natural targets in the body , thus flooding the system with false targets and diverting the virus from its normal course of attack
the government digested the entire law into a code
Designers there have n't any intention of flooding the U.S. with Siberia-made , scratchy woolen socks or a line of apres-bowling wear
He saw her face strangely enkindled, as if suffused from within by a powerful sweet fire.
`` We do n't know which he painted first , the deformity or the sweep of her flowing hair , '' he says firmly
He felt a wave of anger 
She tugged for years to make a decent living
The indictment touches only lightly on the role Israel played in helping shape the Iran initiative , apparently reflecting the difficulties that Mr. Walsh and his staff encountered in obtaining documents or testimony from the Israeli government
commercial paper outstanding nationally fell 4 . 80 billion dlrs to 334 . 28 billion .
I was staring straight into the shining sun 
A golden sun shines high in the sky 
his ancient heart exploded 
He was tested for drugs after running a stop signal and plowing his freight train into a passenger train , killing 16 people
To be reborn every single time I look into those windows we call eyes.
He says he has been `` pumping up the volume '' on his staff
It is sad to observe the fruits of ignorance. 
In the worst of times we looked at hope  shining in the dark 
And the black middle class has flourished in the past 20 years as opportunities in various professions have opened up
One clue will be that the Idaho fescue , blue bunch wheat grass and pine grass growing in fields where fire returned nutrients to the soil will be as much as a foot taller than the meadows that escaped the flames
The study also showed that different organisms ' stress proteins are chemically similar-raising the possibility that vaccines made with the proteins might prime immune cells to target many disease-causing organisms
The company flourished in Japan 's roaring '80s by diversifying into niches that much of the country 's staid business culture dismissed
It was enough for the men, that the earth heaved and opened its furrow to them.
She was ready to turn her hand and heart to anything that promised to yield safety.  
The generally accepted reason for the softening of TPA sales is that wholesalers filled their distribution pipeline , and hospital usage now is coming out of wholesalers ' stocks of the drug -- not new sales , Ms. Behrens said
I thought it happened during a Bush administration , but never mind , we 're ready to roll
He rejects the suggestion that Gen. Noriega might have to step down
U.S. defense analysts say the draft would create a mechanism to smooth out conflicts over design or work-sharing
The hikers topped the mountain just before noon
Bicycles kill far more children than handguns
The soldiers were devils. 
Mr. Guy , a N.M. Rothschild & Sons director , said his bank and four other London bullion houses -- Mocatta & Goldsmid Ltd . , Sharps Pixley Ltd . , Samuel Montagu & Co. and Mase Wespac Ltd . -- will continue to carry out the 60-year-old tradition of fixing the price of gold twice a day
Richard Sherlund , an analyst with Goldman , Sachs & Co. said `` the company is going to have to eat crow because it told a lot of people it would be profitable . '
The documents , filed with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , also indicated that a GM technical committee examining the complaints at one point recommended to GM management that the cars be recalled -- but subsequently reversed itself
His friend was very tall and he looked like a chess piece beside him.  
don't mention Tom 's promotion to Mike . It is sure to make him angry 
it said janunary / march imports rose to 65 . 1 billion baht from 58 . 7 billion .
The telephone companies generally have been restrained from striking out against such services because of First Amendment concerns and because , as public utilities and monopolies , telephone companies have a duty to offer services without discrimination
The rate found by the study , which is designed to be definitive and to squelch second guessing , already is being attacked as too low
This is a valley of ashes - a fantastic farm where ashes grow like wheat into ridges and hills and grotesque gardens; where ashes take the forms of houses and chimneys and rising smoke and, finally, with a transcendent effort, of ash-grey men
She was the light of my life.
The boss exploded when he heard of the resignation of the secretary
The rules relaxed after the new director arrived
Don't bolt your food!
earnings per share dropped to 1 . 51 dlrs from 1 . 62 . 
Make the people's hearts glow
In the year ended March 31 , North Sea oil pumped # 8.2 billion into government coffers
Franklin Phillips , he ruled , would rest in peace as Harry Fisher
He kept us in the dark about his plans
They have had to learn through the press about the sweet terms he had struck for himself and his small management group
The bard of Les-Loges-en-Josas , France , Stephen Powelson , stands ready , able and more than merely willing to pour the first 14 , 300 lines into your ear , from memory -- and in classical Greek
Claiborne had said in its complaint last month that Avon 's failure to meet its obligation for the Fall and Christmas seasons , which together account for more than 70 % of annual sales for the venture , would `` irreparably harm and likely destroy the business . '
He absorbed the knowledge or beliefs of his tribe.
Unions representing reporters and press operators also are likely to be targeted , union sources said
In fact , though PAN embraces international investment , it is n't inclined to roll over for it
David is a worm for what he did to Shelia 
He said he intends to push the party to endorse raising the top personal-income-tax rate , perhaps to 38 % from the current 28 % , to attack the federal deficit accumulated during the Reagan years
A spokesman for Mr. Dingell said , `` The exemptions ate the rule . '
`` No one 's knocking down the door anymore , '' said Paul Lovegren , senior account executive at Wassendorf & Son Co . , Cedar Falls , Iowa
It also is likely to lead to an escalation in the clash between the church and the state , which has been raging since last month when several churches , including the Roman Catholic Church , stepped up their criticism of apartheid
her loneliness fell softly and suddenly asleep in his chest.
But if all sides discover self-interest in moving toward effective control of the toxics problem , instead of sticking grimly to their familiar trenches , the results will be as remarkable as the law itself
The man still had heavy feelings about the situation 
As Judge Anthony Kennedy rolls on toward confirmation , the Bork fallout continues , not least in raising the issue of whether the organized bar has any special role to play in judicial selection
" the long term growth in dependency on foreign oil is inevitable ," lichtblau said . 
British farmers flourish under the EC 's Common Agriculture Policy , and its food companies have grown to global giants , in part because of EC markets
Mark ’s comments are an acid bath for my nerves. 
We dug up some interesting facts 
Her violent hatered of Ilkestom school was nothing compared with the sterile degradation of college.
The faculty meeting was a nightmare
They were burning with desire 
