' ' My parents are called Billy and Nanny , ' ' Tom kidded .
VanDeGraaf charged his assistant to attend .
How does a card player party ? They shuffle .
A politician who had been an astronomer was always saying ' no comet ' .
Pasteur was boiling about not being invited .
He bought a plate with four corners so he could have a square meal .
OLD GARDENERS never die , they just spade away .
An hourglass is a waist of time .
My wife uses a kitchen implement to shred garlic and parmesan cheese , which I hate . It really is the grater of two evils .
The man put his name on the neck of his shirt so he would have collar ID .
Most males in a men ' s room are stand - up guys .
OLD RAILROADERS never die , they just derail .
Hell ! . . . I’d forgotten about that !
My name is Sue . I ' m also a lawyer .
' ' Would anyone like some Parmesan ? ' ' asked Tom gratingly .
You ' re a wicked glutton , Tom insinuated .
I went to see my guru but he wasn ' t omm .
A summer is a mathematician .
I tried to pack myself in a suitcase . I could hardly contain myself .
I don ' t find health - related puns funny anymore since I started suffering from an irony deficiency .
OLD CHEMISTS never die , they just lose their refluxes .
Nature reserves are an eagle opportunity employer .
If you work in a forestry company you will probably have to log your time .
Do you play the guitar ? , Tom asked callously .
An astronomy column in the newspaper would have a lot of space devoted to it .
My friend gave me a book about puns for my birthday and I loved it . It was two meaningful .
Patients usually feel better after receiving hand transplants .
My name is Ira . I ' m an investment advisor .
The discovery of how to make steel was ironic .
They are not answering - we ' d better try the knocker , said Tom adoringly .
I was fixated on the pain in my bad tooth . I was abscessed by it .
My name is Bette , I ' m a gambler
I couldn ' t quite remember how to throw a boomerang , but eventually it came back to me .
The railway constructions are on track .
Computers at breakfast food companies use serial i / o .
The Egyptian cinema usherette sold religious icons in the daytime . Sometimes she got confused and called out , ' Get your choc isis here ! '
OLD UPHOLSTERERS never die , they just recover . .
She was only a Conductor ' s daughter , but she told you where to get off .
The guitarist passed out on stage , he must have rocked himself to sleep .
What it boils down to is this : eggs taste good .
He recommended the restaurant to me , and said he had no reservations .
The haughty magician had illusions of grandeur .
OLD AIR CONDITIONER REPAIRMEN never die , they just lose their cool .
My name is Russell , I ' m a cattle thief
I tried hard to get into vexillology , but , in the end , had to flag it away .
The cat took up computer lessons in hopes of mastering its grip on a mouse .
OLD PILOTS never die they just take off .
I ' ll clean the chimney , said Tom , fluently
I wanted to be a sonar technician , but it was out of my depth .
For meat some people eat lamb and mutton else .
The embarrassed news anchor was bright red , but he nor the television monitor was appropriately phased .
We’ve got children’s church because we know how to kid around
Although he perfected his comic routines on the mainland , his best audiences were in the aisles .
A lot of trees were dying , but they needed to figure out the root of the problem .
When overcome by thoughts of sin the princess visited the knave .
Geologists can be sedimental about their work .
' ' I ' ve mailed the letter , ' ' Tom assented .
Two geologists were staring at a huge fissure in a cliff face and one was overheard to say ' It ' s not my fault ' .
For a chemist disappointed in an experiment the reaction was on his face .
People in Switzerland can ' t learn to ski without a lot of alp .
If you break a string on your guitar don ' t Fret .
My name is Brandy . The bartender .
A tangled bell ringer tolled himself off .
Attention staff ! The clothes keep falling off the mannequins in ladies ' wear . Would someone please redress the problem ?
My name is Mike . I ' m an announcer
OLD INTERPRETERS (for the deaf) never die , they just sign off .
Getting this job managing a country estate has put me off fried eggs . I ' m a gamekeeper turned poacher .
He bought lots of pens before starting his new job . He wanted to make his mark .
My name is Gil . I ' m a fisherman .
Piano players are considered to be Baldwin they lose their hair .
Five brothers wanted to buy a horse , so they all had to pony up .
Love can be a touchy subject .
The river crested when a factory spilled toothpaste into it .
Life after death for evil doers has always been a hot topic .
If your dad ' s sisters are construction workers you might call them carpenter aunts .
The king never let any of his personal musicians go swimming immediately after eating for fear that they would get minstrel cramps .
' ' We have no oranges , ' ' Tom said fruitlessly .
I don ' t recommend dating bridge builders , they have truss issues .
I was given a shampoo and trim by a Pakistani in Liverpool , said Tom in Urdu .
OLD BLASTING TECHNICIANS never die , they just lose their spark .
When the investor came home from work he was spent .
She was only a Sailor ' s daughter and how she loved seamen .
The triangular computer monitor business was just a big pyramid screen .
Southerners are quick on the drawl .
' ' Now I can do some painting , ' ' said Tom easily .
I ' m a great opera singer , said Tom , being callous .
Doctor , doctor , I think I ' m a bridge . - What ' s come over you ? - Two cars , a truck and a coach .
Two wrongs can make a riot .
I made a batch of fish eye soup , it should see me through the week .
Upon discovering the deadly virus carried by Surinamese toads , the herpetologist contemplated how best to protect the pipal .
Whenever the nurses have a bad day they just keep needling people .
They say curiosity killed the cat , and they weren ' t kitten .
Alcohol and calculus don ' t mix so don ' t drink and derive .
When artists dream in color it ' s a pigment of their imagination .
On organic farms they till it like it is .
She wanted to be a weaver but there were always too many snags .
The price of the big fan blew me away .
They were married by candle - light , but the marriage lasted only a wick .
Balls ! Tom said roundly .
Photography developers occasionally have serious emulsional problems .
I ' ve been called a rare commodity . I wonder if that makes me silver or gold ? I guess I could be either ore .
Just after thimbles were invented there was a shortage , so many people got stuck without one .
It was a sad day for the rattlesnake family , the time had come for the children to strike out on their own .
People who eat their apples stem and seed and all improve their core values .
' ' I find you guilty , ' ' said the judge with conviction .
The inventor of glass decided to see it through .
A prisoner ' s favorite punctuation mark is the period . It marks the end of his sentence .
An argument at the Bomb Squad convention ended in a blowup .
OLD GANGSTERS never die , they just go to the underworld . .
My name is Ray . I ' m a roentgenologist .
A train load of paint derailed . Nearby businesses were put in the red .
The anesthesiologist ' s computer has an ethernet connection .
I ' ll eat till I burst , Tom agreed .
That ' s a cool chair . Yeah , I know , it rocks .
A circus lion won ' t eat clowns because they taste funny .
A woodcutter ' s world revolves on his axes .
If you breathe heavily on the map , it will reveal topography , ' he said , with a sigh of relief .
Someone led me to believe that graphite was discovered in Pennsylvania .
She was only a Photographer ' s daughter , but she was really developed .
Why did the termites eat the wooden barrel ? To stave off hunger .
There is only one way to open the door and that is the key .
How could I trust the ceiling fan installer when I knew he was always screwing up .
The undersized and timorous knight , armed only with an aluminum sword , lacked the adequate metal to face the ferocious dragon .
My name is Victor , and I ' m a winner in everything I do .
I ' m single , Tom said wanly .
I ' m from a Humberside port , said Tom ghoulishly .
There ' s a repair shop for baroque musical instruments .
He auditioned for a part as a trumpet player but he blew it .
A fisherman took pain pills because of a persistent haddock .
' ' I wonder where the next character is going to appear , ' ' said Tom with a cursory glance .
I just got my permit to harvest shrimp in the Antarctic . Now I have a licence to Krill .
The two guys caught drinking battery acid will soon be charged .
Santa goes down the chimney because it soots him .
I found out that at the gym , their opinion on fitness carries a lot of weight .
For a dishonest employee : He ' s an unbelievable worker .
In War of the Worlds , humans survived the attack because of their unalienable right to life .
I choked on my dessert and decided to sue , so I hired an attorney who specializes in tortes .
Have a ride in my new ambulance , said Tom hospitably .
My name is Nick . I was a barber but I ' m looking for a new job .
After dating the goalie on the local team for a while , she realized he was a real keeper .
To some Christmas is about other people ' s presence .
She was only a Weatherman ' ' s daughter , but she sure had a warm front .
She was only a Librarian ' s daughter , but she was checked out from cover to cover .
The sun was bright on a dry , cloudless morning , but later it waned .
A bunch of robins followed the priest wherever he went . Birds of a father flock together .
' ' It ' s a German song , ' ' Tom lied .
' ' I ' m going after that red fish , ' ' said Tom erringly .
When walking through a pig barn be careful how you maneuver .
Saw makers losing money have to make lots of cuts .
It ' s just like a cowboy to stirrup trouble .
I ' ll glue the sheets of wood back together , Tom replied .
A dry cleaners had a dozen suits in court .
The mushroom is a vegetable of high morel standing .
People who work at a mint make a lot of money .
There ' s nothing to stop me putting things in tins , said Tom cannily .
I had an appointment with the chiropractor , but I backed out .
Gardeners like to plant their feet firmly .
When two bakers traded buns they had a roll reversal .
Civil servants named Grant are known as government grants .
When old story tellers die they are mythed .
A men ' s wear store has opening and clothing times .
' ' I have to check the score on this exam again , ' ' Tom remarked .
My name is Bea . I ' m in the honey business . .
When he forgot to itemize what he wanted at the grocery store he felt quite listless .
That ' s the seventh dip , Namaan said cleanly .
A pediatrician is a doctor of little patients .
A chicken farmer ' s favorite car is a coupe .
OLD CRICKETERS never die , they just get bowled over .
A husband who thinks he is as solid as a rock may have a wife who wishes he was a little bolder .
To teach someone how to build a compass you have to be good at giving directions .
Then there was the occasion I spotted a health - oriented cafe displaying a sign reading ' ' California Shakes . ' ' Obviously , I thought .
Graveyard workers really dig their jobs .
Some orchestra conductors make their mark in the world of opera . They were in the right aria at the right time .
The first duck wouldn ' t go in the water . The other duck said ' ' What are you , chicken ? ' ' .
The vendor at the Arab market resented how I haggled and told me to take a haik .
I tinted my hair today . It was the highlight of my day .
It ' s no wonder that some baseball players have lots of money - often even many of the bases are loaded .
' ' I invested in a hi - tech startup , ' ' Tom ventured .
The best place for a mathematician is behind a counter .
High on a ladder he saw a beautiful girl below . He fell for her .
Swimming instructors are always getting immersed in their work .
I suspected our new house guest was a terrorist . He asked to sleep on a blow up mattress .
Chicken farmers will often share a good yolk .
' ' That horse looks like a good bet at 20 to 1 , ' ' said Tom oddly .
The ultimate liquid measure is the supreme quart .
If you send a letter to the Philippines put it in a Manila envelope .
An apple farmer with poor yields has to get to the core of the problem .
OLD LIBRARIANS never die , they just lose their circulation .
Where there are many chickens you can find layers of eggs .
Males who wonder why they should have a prostate exam usually get it in the end .
I used to enjoy kabuki theatre , but now I prefer noh drama .
Elephants will toil all day , and they work for peanuts .
I like elevators they let me say jokes on every level .
When Jesus entered Jerusalem , people waved palm branches because they were being frondly .
Well I ' ll be an SOB ! Tom said doggedly .
Dermatologists often make rash statements .
Even though Ashley was blind and under arrest , she still had hope that someone would brail her out .
I ' m buying a birthday present for a sculptor . Can you chip in ?
That new mystery novel has a killer start to it .
There was a report of shots fired in a local bar . The police don ' t know what triggered the commotion .
If you wear a blindfold at the shooting range , you won ' t know what you ' re missing .
My family scoffed when I had a divine inspiration I ' d get rich selling my ' ' Beets Brule , ' ' but after I made my first million , they had to admit I made quite a prophet .
Students who accent their textbooks with color markers add a real highlight to their day .
She memorized just what kind of locket she wanted , by heart .
Why did the agricultural presentation go so smoothly ? They planted questions .
' ' It ' s the quotient of two integers , ' ' said Tom rationally .
That ' s the third time my teacher changed my grade , Tom remarked .
' ' Those cobs are amazing ! ' ' said Tom cornily .
The trucker explained that he was early because he had had no breaks .
A lovely lady who lost her watch became a timeless beauty .
One grasshopper told another about eating corn . It went in one ear and out the other .
The IRS left a message on my cell phone that I owed them more money . It was a taxed message .
Audubon said he ' d have to wing it .
Priests can ' t marry without prior approval .
When the human cannonball was late for work he got fired .
A surgery nurse was demoted for being absent without gauze .
It was the first time she ' d seen a live sponge on display , and she really soaked it in .
He was almost persuaded to invest in a poultry farm , but chickened out at the last minute .
Badminton players are for the birds .
Some food for thought is only baloney
My name is Faith . I ' m a minister .
Someone who robs shoe stores is an arch criminal .
That makes 144 , said Tom , grossly .
After they had it out in the boxing ring , they called it square .
' ' It ' s become much bigger , ' ' said Tom with a groan .
An old lady once asked the dispatcher of a local trucking company if they could ship an antique mirror to her sister in Toronto . The dispatcher says , ' I don ' t know madam , I ' d have to look into it first ' .
My mailman should be a comedian , his delivery is perfect !
The melody kept on playing until it became a strain .
Be kind to your dentist because he has fillings too .
If you invite an insomniac to your pajama party they will be up for it .
To stay fit the priest exorcises .
Communism is a complicated thing . You must think about from all sorts of Engels .
Go away , you snake ! Tom rattled off .
He was selling palm trees , but people thought it was a shady deal .
The farmer ' s market featured an enormous expanse of bins containing Indian corn , and I wandered aimlessly through this maize for nearly an hour .
A little boy found out from his mother that grime does not pay .
OLD SHOEMAKERS never die , they are just given the boot .
Thieves have muscles of steal .
He put bug spray on his watch to get rid of the ticks .
A kangaroo that can ' t jump is completely hopless .
A hermit drove to town and was charged with recluse driving .
' ' It ' s just gold leaf , ' ' said Tom guiltily .
The painter was hospitalized due to too many strokes .
' ' Would you like some soda ? ' ' asked Tom caustically .
I couldn ' t figure out how to fasten my seatbelt . Then it clicked .
If you miss a class at beauty school you ' ll need a makeup session .
When gossip finally led to the landlady ' s arrest for murdering her tenants and scattering parts of their bodies around town , her only comment was , ' ' Well , that ' s what comes of spreading roomers . ' '
' ' These bit patterns will be more readable in groups of 8 , ' ' said Tom bitingly .
My mom ran out of poultry seasoning so she winged it .
The diners were fully sated , unaware that the wurst was yet to come .
The proctologist reassured the patient that his condition could be rectified .
Lightning storms can be very striking .
The astronomer ' s research project didn ' t win him the coveted Galaxy Award , but he did receive a constellation prize .
If a horse could predict the weather , it would probably say that the weather is stable .
I hate Chablis , Tom whined .
Life is a puzzle ; look here for the missing peace .
I kept failing to get a job as a butcher because I couldn ' t just make the cut .
The Vikings landed during thunder and lightning and took the city by storm .
Aliens are lovable because they ' re so spatial .
' ' Congratulations ; you graduated , ' ' said Tom diplomatically .
' ' The seesaw is upside down , ' ' said Tom saucily .
Asked by a waiter if she would like a drink the lady replied ' wine not ? '
Those who choose not to eat , slowly get hungry - - and Fast .
The corner of Ninth and Broad attracts a lot of the homeless because of its reputation for having a grate area for sleeping
Those who make sinks often feel washed out .
Those who get up at sunrise have many ideas dawn on them .
During branding cowboys have sore calves .
If your mind is clouded or in a fog you may have mist some opportunities .
Sign : ' Please turn out the lights . Thanks a watt . '
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die , they just lose their potential .
Those who carry too many buckets start feeling pail .
The man brought an umbrella with him into the ice cream store because he heard there was a chance of sprinkles .
The whistling fisherman was always out of tuna .
A kettle on the stove was singing ' Home on the Range ' .
A case of disappearing bison had police completely buffaloed .
De Broglie waved aside the invitation .
' ' This is where I keep my arrows , ' ' said Tom quiveringly .
OLD MILKMAIDS never die they just lose their whey .
The Transformer always had a lot of quarters with him . He was a big fan of change .
' ' I need an injection , ' ' Tom pleaded in vain .
She was only a Fruit vender ' s daughter , but , oh , what a peach .
Seven days without a pun makes one weak .
My new expensive vacuum cleaner really sucked .
A skier who loses a race on a cold day will have a frosty disposition .
OLD WATCHMAKERS never die , they just wind down .
Peter went overboard for the lord , why can’t we .
My name is Otto . I ' m a car mechanic .
Wow , thanks for the tea . I ' m glad I got to Chai it .
Since Bruce got too close to the big blade at the saw mill he is no longer feeling chipper .
When he kicked the invoice , it didn ' t mean he wanted to foot the bill .
As anyone who has ever lived in the area can tell you , life is different in Montana . Since golf courses are often placed in areas ideal for hunting , most golfers carry a hunting rifle in their golf bag and when the opportunity presents itself combine their two favorite pastimes . Recently one such sportsman got lost and had to stop for directions asking , ' ' Which way to the lynx . ' '
Some doting parents are son worshipers .
' ' This Bud ' s for you , ' ' said Tom lightly .
The butcher backed up into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work .
My name is Stu . I also cook .
' ' There ' s room for one more , ' ' Tom admitted .
OLD RANCHERS never die , they just breed their last .
A dog gave birth to puppies near the road and was ticketed for littering .
The word ' ovine ' means just like ewe .
The landscaper thought gardening magazines were fun to leaf through .
Dentists on death fill their last cavity .
The stock market crashes , but Viagra beats the flop .
OLD PRESIDENTS never die , they just go through their cabinets
The body builder worried too much about the lifting contest and his trainer concluded that the mind is a terrible thing to weights .
The accountant enjoyed the job , figuratively speaking .
A skier retired because he was going downhill .
A man brought his retriever to the vet for some tests and had to pay a lab fee .
He doesn ' t talk much does he ? He ' s just a little horse .
The swanky hoteliers ' convention tended to attract the inn crowd .
I used to work in a blanket factory but it folded .
Don ' t believe what you hear about fleas and ticks - - it ' s all lice .
When asked to picture the perfect modern defensive weapon the Claymore springs to mine .
The ex - lumberjack will be sawly missed .
To be a mountain climber one needs to be in peak condition .
I ' m going to be discussing global warming next week , it ' s quite a heated topic .
' ' I ' ve struck oil ! ' ' said Tom crudely .
A gambling gardener usually hedges his bets .
OLD TANNERS never die they just go into hiding .
Safety goggles were invented by a peripheral visionary .
Most hunters are nice because they ' re such deer people .
Just because pews come in rows doesn’t mean we should plant ourselves there
' ' Why shouldn ' t I stir my coffee with a ballpoint pen ? ' ' Tom bickered .
I used to hate maths but then I realised decimals have a point .
My name is Pat . I am a masseur
For fast relief take two tablets . The ten commandments
A job circumcising elephants isn ' t so bad . The base salary is small but the tips are big .
I crossed a cell phone with a skunk , and now the service stinks .
The geologist went to the doctor because he had a loss of apatite .
Meet me at the clothes line . That ' s where I hang out !
Drinking a whole bucket of water could make you turn pail .
An illiterate fisherman was lost at c .
OLD POPULATION EXPERTS never die , they just lose their census .
' Because ' is a word to the whys .
There ' s a new magnetic steam iron that makes your clothes attractive .
The magician who loved his chocolate could perform a lot of Twix .
Avogadro expected a large number to attend .
When Caesar entered the Senate all hail broke loose .
Lumberjacks have to keep problem logs .
' ' It ' s an actual parameter , not a formal parameter , ' ' was Tom ' s argument .
I was fighting a Dragon , easier slayed then done .
Drinking too much of a certain potent potable may require a leave of absinthe .
To keep someone from stealing your shipments of smoked salmon , secure them with lox .
The mortician was late for dinner because he was buried in his work .
OLD LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEERS , never die , they just get derailed
Waiter , I ' ll have my bill now . - How did you find your steak , sir ? - Oh , I just moved the potato and there it was .
A discussion of digging a new mine shaft was too deep for him .
OLD ACTUARIES never die they just get broken down by age and sex .
The optician fell into the lens grinding machine and made a spectacle of himself .
She was only a Farmer ' s daughter , but she knew hundreds of ways to fertilize .
Those working in tissue research and testing are always blowing it .
If you ' re a gardener you might call yourself a ' plant manager ' .
OLD RIVER RATS never die , they just start to creek
You should never drink beyond the pint of no return .
This is where I keep my arrows , said Tom , quivering .
The Biomedical Engineer didn ' t have the heart to check the EKG machine .
She was only a Butcher ' s daughter , but there wasn ' t much more she could loin .
Did Gregor Mendel ever win the Nobel Peas Prize ?
Some resist having the ' flu jab but it ' s quite innocuous .
He who hesitates is bossed .
So , how ' s the flower business going ? Oh , it ' s blossoming quite nicely .
My friend came around for dinner . We ate for 20 minutes , then he fainted again .
Sometimes our Outlook in Life is sent but not received .
It has been discovered that sales of irons are decreasing .
An alien landed at a soft drink company and said ' take me to your liter ' .
A doctor who became a bartender was always giving out shots !
I travel all over America , Tom stated .
The careless pyromaniac made an ash of himself .
They took soft drinks off the menu just to sprite people .
' ' For what we are about to receive , may the Lord make us truly thankful , ' ' said Tom gracefully .
He put so many blanks in his document that he started to feel spaced out .
Pompous male bees are often known to drone on about themselves .
One of these new shoes isn ' t right .
OLD KENTUCKY FRIED CHICKEN FRANCHISERS never die , they just chicken out .
' ' I teach at a university , ' ' Tom professed .
Those who live beyond their means should act their wage .
What a charming doorway ! said Tom , entranced .
Exposure to the Son prevents burning
A racehorse ' s life is always on track .
Baseball on a foggy day is all about hit and mist .
Some cooks have a shellfish attitude .
I like marching songs , in any month .
' ' I can eat one hundred and forty - four , ' ' Tom boasted grossly .
My name is Woody . A Forester
Tailors enjoy hanging out in internet fora , as they are full of threads .
The winter drive - by shooting was a slay ride .
OLD MATH PROFESSORS never die , they just use strange expressions .
A successful diet is the triumph of mind over platter .
' ' I ' ve got to stop this motor , ' ' Tom choked .
The pope , on his 2008 tour in the United States , skipped Mass .
' ' Be still my hart ' ' she murmured , thinking how magnificent and stag - like he was .
Those who hate classical music have my symphony .
Old photographers never die , they ' re just out of the picture for a while .
When the air conditioning failed in the indoor stadium there was a fan protest .
Doctor , Doctor , what would you take for this cold ? - Make me an offer . Next .
OLD PAINTERS never die they just get plastered .
I ' m blind enough to look at the situation in the wrong fashion , so I changed my clothes .
Procrastinators suffers from a hardening of the oughteries .
Make like mustard and catch up !
The old doctors practice of bloodletting was all in vein .
The pirates buried their treasure in the twinkling of an aye .
It ' s true that the earth rotates , but scientists are always putting their own spin on it .
The optical scientist who stole his colleague ' s bifocals was sentenced to three years in a state prism .
She was only a Blacksmith ' s daughter , but she knew how to forge ahead .
I hate sweet potatoes , Tom yammered .
A racer who was also a golfer really knew how to drive .
The fault line had a splitting headache .
A balding man and his hair are soon parted .
The play on fishing had quite a cast .
Dateline London : Eccentric ornithologist travels to foreign land to teach pigeon English .
If an animal looses its tail it should shop at a retail store .
The plumber had to quit his job because it was too much of a drain .
I ' ve inherited a fortune , said Tom , willfully
Pharmacists find their work to be very encapsulating .
' ' I told you not to ride that horse , ' ' Tom nagged .
There was a dentist who was convicted of incisor trading .
When longshoremen show up late for work they get docked .
To earn an A in ' ' Sewing with Burlap ' ' , you really have to know the coarse material .
When a priest makes a mistake in church it ' s a clerical error .
Banning the bra was a big flop .
She was only a Doctor ' s daughter , but she really knew how to operate .
OLD ESKIMOS never die , they just go cold .
My friend lives by a cliff he ' s always telling me to drop over .
The harm caused by sibling rivalry is relative .
When the fog burns off it won ' t be mist .
The teacher asked a question and the students were all up in arms .
I ' m a sap for tree jokes .
I used to have a fear of hurdles , but I got over it .
The nudist defended himself by citing his Constitutional right to bare arms .
' ' I want a motorized bicycle , ' ' Tom moped .
' ' I ' m just going to put these handcuffs on you , ' ' said Tom manically .
OLD TRIGONOMETRY TEACHERS never die , they just lose their identities .
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall - and a pretty good spring and summer , too .
' ' I prefer trout to salmon , ' ' Tom said officiously .
The Easter story is not a dead issue .
During his lifetime , the composer Bach was a noted success .
His wife left him saying she was going home to mutter .
OLD INVESTORS never die they just roll over .
OLD CHEMISTS never die , they just fail to react .
My name is Sandy , I just hang around the beach .
My name is Les . I ' m a dietician
In Ireland you ' re more likely to get a Pat answer .
Business at the candle factory tapered off after the holidays .
In the air duct installers union they have lots of opportunity to vent .
If you don ' t know how to choose music ask a guitarist - they know how to pick .
' ' I think I ' ve broken my leg ' ' , reported Tom lamely .
The inventor of chewing gum soon bubbled his money .
When the electrican apprentice made mistakes , his mother grounded him .
While baking , I dropped a stick of margarine on the wooden tile floor , and when my neighbor slipped and fell , I said ' ' It must have been the parkay . ' '
Don ' t get lost in the mist or else you won ' t have the foggiest idea where you are .
Some people find fire drills quite Alarming .
When I had my PlayStation stolen , my family were there to console me .
She said she wasn ' t pregnant but contractions speak louder then words .
Britain is a wet place since the queen has had a long reign .
The fence builders were upset with their working conditions , so the started to picket .
When you use glue in class it paste to be careful .
The soup was so bad it was gruel and unusual punishment .
A frightened bird dog that runs from everything is known as the Golden Retreater .
The study of genealogy is a basic requirement for a descent education .
Don’t let your footprints in the sands of time be the mark of a heel
When a new baby comes into a family , many changes are necessary .
Here is how the track meet is going to run . . .
When the woman got paid for being in a study at the sleep clinic , she said it was her dream job .
One evening King Arthur ' s men discovered Sir Lancelot ' s moonshine whiskey operation and shattered the still of the knight .
A lot of kneeling will keep you in good standing
Wanting to buy his girlfriend a gift that she was sure to appreciate , Bugs Bunny decided that something on the order of twenty - four carats would be about right .
A reformed arsonist was in confession . He began , ' ' Bless me Father for I have singed . ' '
The family of bears posing for their family portrait experienced a true Kodiak moment .
I ' ve got to fix the automobile , said Tom mechanically .
A will is a relative thing .
An astronaut who fails on a weightlessness experiment must be aware of the gravity of the situation .
OLD TEACHERS never die , they just grade away
My father slept under the bed , I think he was a little potty .
Those who drink too much at night have to worry about the mourning after .
George Westinghouse was a refrigerator magnate .
A farmer with a rip in his clothes has an overall problem .
I agreed to watch my neighbor ' s dog , but only if it didn ' t scratch me . It ' s in the clause .
If a dog was computer literate , would his bark be worse than his byte ?
Farmers can hardly wheat for a good harvest .
A paramedic got a new job as a chauffeur : an ambiance driver .
The obese editor started a weight redaction program .
My stereo ' s half - fixed , said Tom monotonously .
Some people really enjoy blowing air out of their lungs - I ' m not a fan myself .
My student was late for class , claiming he was in the washroom . I think he was stalling .
During my trip to Italy , I didn ' t do much . I just vegged out . When in Rome , do as the Romaines .
When his clothes dryer broke he was lint another one .
OLD SKIERS never die , but they go downhill fast .
When the wino suspected his muscatel was watered down , he needed more proof .
The math professor liked even numbers , but only the odd one .
What ' s the deal with negotiations ?
I used to be afraid of purchasing residential property for the purpose of renting , but now I have an apartment complex .
I ' m drawn to art .
Even the best bird dog is only good to a point .
My name is Lute . I ' m a musician .
He stayed at the auction to the bidder end .
I wanted to be a clarinettist but I couldn ' t reed music .
After he carried a gun in his car the engine was soon shot .
Cheating on a test can put honorable students in conflict with their principals .
There was once a cross - eyed teacher who couldn ' t control his pupils .
I tried to record an album in a reptile shop , but there was a terrible gecko .
Herb gardeners who work extra get thyme and a half .
If you want a metal dog leash go to a chain store .
The eight chicken farmers jumped in their rowing shell and put their cox up in front .
' ' I ' m losing my hair , ' ' Tom bawled .
A perfectly spherical pumpkin makes good pi .
When he switched from horses to sailing , his life took on a new tack .
Yes , I have read Gulliver ' s Travels , said Tom swiftly .
Admitting a mistake : ' ' Like the orthopedist ' s patient , I stand corrected . ' '
A clean thief always makes a stainless steal .
It ' s not that the man did not know how to juggle , he just didn ' t have the balls to do it .
I went to the theatre , it looked a bit suspicious . I reckon the whole thing was staged .
' ' Cosign here , ' ' read the first instruction on the trigonometry placement exam .
As Sir Galahad lifted the sacred chalice , the bottom fell out . He had indeed found the holey Grail .
OLD GARAGEMEN never die , they just retire
The bear went over the mountain to see what was bruin .
I saw something similar to moss the other day , but I didn ' t know what to lichen it to .
Musical composers can use lots of Note paper .
Stereo speakers are made by ' high volume ' manufacturers .
A lawyer was defending a math teacher . He had to sum up .
Your nose is in the scenter of your face .
The comedian stopped at the fabric store on his way to a comedy gig . He was looking for new material .
A waist is a terrible thing to mind .
When the Dalmatian ran away , he was spotted two blocks from home .
Some clockmakers are normal , but others are a little cuckoo .
The store clerk lost his job , so he set up a kiosk in the mall to vend for himself .
OLD HORSE STABLES do die but they can always be barn again
I wanted to make suits but I could never measure up .
When the bad poet stood in front of the judge , the judge thought the punishment should fit the rhyme .
Mothers everywhere want their children to give peas a chance .
He avoided funerals because he was not a mourning person .
You ' ve got more issues than Time magazine .
The first fish to gather in schools was the grouper .
Do hotel managers get board with their jobs ?
The vegetable never taken aboard ship is a leek .
The overweight fighter pilot was grounded for violating the rules of engorgement .
' ' I admire East End gangsters , ' ' said Tom crazily .
' ' Who ' s your favorite operatic tenor ? ' ' Tom asked placidly .
I made a really cheesy pun about quesadillas the other day .
The humorist ' s favorite sandwich was smoked tongue on wry .
My new theory on inertia doesn ' t seem to be gaining momentum .
My fear of planes has taken off .
I was going to study the work of Sigmund Freud , but I was too Jung to understand it .
When video arcades switched to a system of tokens , there was no quarter asked or given .
Did you hear about the crime that happened in a parking garage ? It was wrong on so many levels .
OLD BEEKEEPERS never die they just buzz off .
Did you hear about the pilot who always had work ? He was great at landing a job .
OLD PILOTS never die , they just get more turbulent .
Low carb diets really go against the grain .
Have another soft drink , Tom coaxed .
If you ' re dying to purchase cropland in Thailand , then you ' ve baht the farm .
Hangmen always keep their customers in the loop .
The dairy farmer while milking his cow strained his calf in the process .
OLD POKER PLAYERS never die , they are just discarded .
Waiters are good at multiplication because they know their tables .
The hypnotist went out of business because he ran out of suggestions .
Doctor , Doctor , I can ' t get to sleep . - Sit on the edge of the bed and you ' ll soon drop off . Next .
The only similarity between ancient times and the 1970 ' s is that both were full of people getting stoned .
Greeks can ' t stay out late because they have a Corfu .
Guerrilla warfare is more than just throwing a banana .
The doctor couldn ' t transfer the organs because he didn ' t have the guts to do it .
She was only a Computer Programmer ' s daughter , but she sure liked to byte .
OLD BAKERS never die , they just stop making lots of dough .
OLD SOCCER PLAYERS never die , they just lose their kick .
Archaeologists working at night need lots of eon lights .
Old quarterbacks never die , they just pass away .
Math class is full of drama . There are so many problems to work out .
He took a nail to the volleyball game because he wanted to spike it .
Two astronauts who were dating put an end to it because they both needed their space .
The manufacturing of t - shirts has really cotton .
One item contributed was a picture of a pretty , kimono - clad girl ; it bore the inscription : ' ' Maid in Japan ' ' .
' ' This steamroller is amazing , ' ' said Tom flatteringly .
My sofa was repaired , but I was surprised to find an item on the bill for upholstery tacks .
I ' ve passed the exam this time , Tom remarked .
I ' ll corroborate that again , Tom reproved .
He has been a jogger for three years running .
The class took a field trip to a meat processing plant , but what they saw was just offal .
OLD GARDENERS never die , they just get uprooted .
OLD TAILORS never die , they just get ironic .
Food for bad dogs is bought by the pound .
On the way to the church our car broke down . I desperately tried to find some succor to help us resume our journey .
A fisherman who was also a pianist was an expert with scales .
The aluminum foiled my plans .
When it was lumpy he had a beef with his gravy .
The celebration of the royal wedding progressed well into the night . As he stumbled outside to await his ride home one inebriated nobleman , attracted by the bright lights , made his way to the theater district and sat down below one of the brightly illuminated theater signs to await his car . The driver , unfamiliar with both the nobleman and the area , was instructed to look for a well - lit marquis .
Two blackberries met . They were both in a jam .
Astronauts like to do launch .
The postmen get together for mail bonding .
The bargain store promised a free abacus with every purchase , but I wouldn ' t count on it .
Why didn ' t the little boy ask the flight attendant for a snack ? He didn ' t have the nuts .
Two cooks had a contest and the heat was on .
I ' ve been to a film festival in the South of France , said Tom cannily .
When the plums dry on your tree , it ' s time to prune .
A lawyer asked his dentist to give him a retainer .
Massage therapists need a touch of style .
When she made Mario Puzo ' s books required reading for her class , she made him an author they couldn ' t refuse .
My name is Manuel , I write instruction books .
He who hogs the sheets is usually very wrapped up in himself .
He was able to listen to his favorite radio show in the morning because he had an AM radio
The environmentalist rode his bike 20 miles in the morning and 20 more in the evening . He loved recycling .
How do farmers make crop circles ? With a protractor .
The ailing king of the doves sensed an imminent coup .
Some shoe sales have a good selection to boot .
When the pirate captain ' s ship ran aground he couldn ' t fathom why .
The unveiling of the statue was a monumental occasion .
My mate swallowed a cordless vacuum cleaner , they took him to hospital and he is picking up nicely .
' ' I won ' t tell you anything about my salivary glands , ' ' said Tom secretively .
My new girlfriend and I are moving together into a tree house , I hope we won ' t fall out .
The stress of having his beloved pet bunny die caused a man to go bald - - he was very upset about losing his hare .
OLD METEOROLOGISTS never die , they just get under the weather .
Everyday is a gift from god , that is why it is called the present
When cave men got together they formed clubs .
My name is Grant , I am a loan officer .
He got a job in a factory making needles , but soon got stuck .
My name is Rob . I ' m a thief .
Two coin collectors got together for old dimes sake .
People in the desert have dry humor .
The coffee tasted like mud because it was ground a couple of minutes ago .
I can do an excellent impression of Sinatra , said Tom , being perfectly frank .
Occasionally , I hear an assertion followed by a hasty qualification , such as , ' ' Jim graduated in 1995 - - if memory serves . ' ' I ' ll respond : ' . . . or only stands and waits . ' '
My uncle developed a strange vulgar habit . He would only cuss when he ' d eat chicken . The doctor said he has seen this happen in some cases . Too much chicken can produce a fowl mouth .
There is a growing body of obesity research .
The newspaper doesn ' t put in Politics what is Classified .
Neuter your dog - an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of curs .
OLD CHAUFFEURS never die they just lose their drive .
She swallowed a peach seed and could feel it in the pit of her stomach .
I dropped out of my communism class because of lousy Marx .
My name is Rich , A successful investment banker .
Data got into so much trouble , her parents sent her packeting .
When asked by a passenger how high he would get , the pilot replied , ' I don ' t do drugs . '
Success comes in cans , failure comes in cant’s
A streaker was found dead this morning . Police say the details are quite revealing .
Old bakers never die , they just keep making lots of dough .
Some people who cut hair can be quite barbarous .
I deny everything , said Tom knowingly .
I went to the store to buy some soup but they were out of stock .
If towels could tell jokes they would probably have a dry sense of humor .
The hostage said he couldn ' t stay on the phone long because he was tied up at the moment .
He made a slow start in the sport of weightlifting but he picked it up eventually .
For the woman who wore size 13 , finding shoes that fit was no small feat .
My name is Sandy . I ' m a lifeguard .
All students in Helsinki go to Finnish school .
I was caught studying the periodic table in English class . It was an elementary mistake .
She was only a Flag - waver ' s daughter , but she ' d let her standards down for anyone .
After a day of changing her triplet ' s diapers , the new mother was feeling rather pooped .
When I asked the man how he became a ditch - digger , he said he just fell into it .
I think Santa has riverfront property in Brazil . All our presents came from Amazon this year .
You lamb ! said Tom sheepishly .
Our bikinis are exciting . They are simply the tops .
Bakers have a great knead to make bread .
The trumpeter blew it while auditioning for the symphony .
Dutch shoes used to be made in a factory machine , until it got clogged up .
I wanted to have dinner at a native American themed restaurant , but I didn ' t have reservations .
Lions don ' t have to worry about every little detail in life . . . just the mane thing .
The salesman was peddling used bikes .
The big new clock at city hall was the tock of the town .
A fight over love and money would be duel purpose .
OLD TYPISTS never die , they just lose their justification .
My advanced geometry class is full of squares .
I ' m a Soviet agent in England , said Tom bluntly .
I wish I ' d said that , Oscar , said Tom wildly .
I couldn ' t stand to be without my legs .
He was a restaurant critic but had no taste .
My name is Derek . I ' m in the oil rig business .
He only knew how to drive a fork lift in reverse . He was the backup man .
OLD SAUSAGE MAKERS never die , they just take a turn for the wurst .
OLD COURIERS never die , they just keep on expressing it !
Rental agents offer quarters for dollars .
I went to a buffet dinner with my neighbor , who is a taxidermist . After such a big meal , I was stuffed .
Did you hear about the new pinata ? It ' s a huge hit .
He became a sky diver out of the blue .
OLD EXORCISTS never die , they just get repossessed .
Honor your mother and father rather than major credit cards .
' ' Here ' s your allowance for the next two weeks , ' ' Tom advanced .
OLD COWBOYS never die , they just get the boot .
In a surfing competition the winner got wave reviews .
My name is Avery . I raise birds .
Those whose child is going through a ' phase ' may wish they had a phaser .
Getting rid of your boat for another could cause a whole raft of problems .
' ' Consult an investment broker , ' ' was Tom ' s stock answer .
' ' Boy , that ' s a bright star , ' ' said Tom seriously .
' ' How long will I have to wait for a table ? ' ' asked Tom without reservation .
After he invented the light bulb , people saw Edison in a new light .
Sometimes a pregnancy is so long it seems like a maternity .
Firefighters can rescue you , but only Jesus saves .
He lit the arrow head because he wanted to fire it .
' ' I ' ve been listening to the Brandenburg Concertos , ' ' Tom barked .
If roosters saw how hens are treated they ' d turn over in their gravy .
My name is Rusty , I ' m an iron worker .
Some commands given by the army are specific , others are General .
I ' ll never give up my hounds ! Tom said doggedly .
When the orchard owner went to trial he was judged by a jury of his pears .
Patience is a virtue that carries a lot of wait .
OLD GRAVEDIGGERS never die , they just get buried in their work
' We ' ve run out of lemons ' , she said bitterly .
OLD CARDIOLOGISTS never die , they just lose heart .
Act your praise , not your shoe size .
Tennis players don ' t marry because Love means Nothing to them .
I was looking for watch batteries but I wound up at a clock shop .
' ' I wish I could remember the name of that card game , ' ' said Tom wistfully .
It was such a big piece of gold , he didn ' t know what to assay .
A waterbed may just be the vinyl resting place .
Sign on the door of an internet hacker . ' Gone Phishing ' .
Some moss took a lichen to a tree .
My investments are worth more every day , said Tom appreciatively .
What did the minister say to the underdressed layman ? ' ' No shoes , no shirt , no service ' '
Can you read music ? the bandleader asked notably .
The boy ' s guitar teacher helped him pick up his skills .
He didn ' t want to volunteer for the rodeo but he got roped into it .
The size a dieter would like to get to is the sighs of relief .
I went to an invisible fairground but didn ' t think it was very good . I just couldn ' t see the attraction .
The designer wondered why his pirate room wasn ' t perfect , and the judge told him he went a little overboard .
What you seize is what you get .
The swollen blood vessels in her legs were very quarrelsome - she had bellicose veins .
Old math teachers never die , they just become irrational .
I majored in nursing but I had to drop it because I ran out of milk .
A heavy drinker of hard liquor appears to be in high spirits .
At a flower show the first prize is often a bloom ribbon .
I ' m a mathematician , Tom added summarily .
OLD PRAGUE RESIDENTS never die , they just Czech out .
In some countries there is a lot of Manuel labor .
Today a truck hit my car . I wasn ' t hurt but I got the freight of my life .
A cardboard belt would be a waist of paper .
When cannibals ate a missionary they got a taste of religion .
Getting into the skunk selling business might make a lot of scents .
Chickens can give some people a foul rash .
' ' Don ' t you know my name ? ' ' asked Tom swiftly .
Nobel got a big bang out of it .
We did it twice last night , she relayed .
Labor Day is a good time to stop and reflect on the august events the the preceding month .
Before the revolution , Russia was in a Tsary state .
OLD BASKETBALL PLAYERS never die they just go on dribbling .
In a bakery buns usually play a small role .
If they say you look good in glasses that would be an optical allusion .
Swine were the most influential animal of the last decade .
She was only a Carpenter ' s daughter , but she knows every vise .
After the six campers were discovered missing from their tents the state police began to canvas the area .
' ' I just bought a woollen sweater , ' ' said Tom sheepishly .
Hands in Prayer : Already Digital
He who lends to the poor gets interest from god
Vinyl records are really groovy .
Some people like raw meat on rare occasions .
Yes , I have been reading Voltaire , Tom admitted candidly .
Fashionable women in Indiana all wear designer Hoosiery .
The man who fell into an upholstery machine is fully recovered .
OLD LOGICIANS never die , they just vacate the premises .
While having a hard time water - skiing , the boy commented , ' This is such a drag . '
As usual , the chief meteorologist blustered his way through the staff meeting .
I like hot fudge sauce , but never on sundays .
' ' It ' s my personal magnetism , ' ' said Tom ironically .
' ' I have to sing a run of eighth notes , ' ' said Tom quaveringly .
At the petting zoo I saw a sheep scratching itself . Turns out it had fleece .
You have to fill out many government forms because there are many forms of government .
Don ' t expect to eat something fancy when you ' re flying because it ' s plane food .
There was a contest on a slippery rock slope . I won in a landslide .
Piano players know what bar they are in .
When I first tried the new cough syrup , I really had no idea what to expectorate .
The trapeze artist had to buy his own safety equipment . Every Friday he drew his net wages .
OLD JANITORS never die they just get swept up .
The invisible cows were herd but not seen .
A cat found a mysterious sweater , but the mystery was soon unravelled .
That ' s no beagle ; that ' s a mongrel , Tom muttered .
Satan can’t bring you down any farther than your knees .
Bee keepers always manage to keep buzzy .
A computer program attached to an electric chair would have to have its execution checked carefully .
A man stole a case of soap from the corner store . The police said he made a clean getaway .
I wanted to lose weight so I went to the paint store . I heard I could get thinner there .
He gave up playing chess , and went on to a checkered career .
A police dog is often the scenter of a drug arrest .
Old school principals never die , they just lose their faculties .
Old colanders never die , they just can ' t take the strain anymore .
She was only a Convict ' s daughter , but she sure knew all of the bars .
An archaeologist ' s career ended in ruins .
Exposure to the Son may prevent burning
' ' Nobody has scored yet in the tennis game , ' ' said Tom lovingly .
She became a lifeguard at the beach and kept the buoys in line .
The car stopped with a jerk , then the jerk got out .
Be the soul supporter of your children .
After burning a batch of cookies a baker felt very crummy .
Running around your yard for thousands of miles would be quite a feet .
' ' I ' d like to be a Chinese labourer , ' ' said Tom coolly .
I love beagles , Tom dogmatized .
Did you hear about the nervous preacher ? He had sweaty psalms .
Our theft of raw gold from the mine site was a fiasco because , as we jumped into the getaway boat , we dropped the ore .
Would you like some soda in your whiskey ? asked Tom caustically .
The Spaniard ' s wife was always up before the Don .
When the baby bird penned his first novel he was just a fledgling author .
Skipping school to bungee jump will get you suspended .
A young sailor thought all of the waves were just swell .
When ancient wall sculptors were finished it was a relief .
Digging a hole for a coffin is a grave matter .
A guy went to a costume party dressed as a knife , and he really looked sharp .
The scorpion said to the desert , ' You know , our conversations are always so dry . '
The members of the oldest profession are not really lost women ; they are just mislaid .
' ' I only have diamonds , clubs and spades , ' ' said Tom heartlessly .
Legends tell us that a weakness of the carnivorous vampire is a steak .
You should lock up your wine in a cabernet .
Romance isn ' t a science - it ' s a heart .
She was only a Electrician ' s daughter , and she made house calls to remove her customers ' shorts .
For a while , Houdini used a lot of trap doors in his act , but he was just going through a stage .
OLD QUILTERS never die , they just go under cover .
I must attend my flock , said Tom , sheepishly .
The gravity was so powerful , I couldn ' t stand it .
' ' Perhaps I will , ' ' said Tom with all his might .
The state funeral remains to be seen .
The weekend reporter sailed through the newscasts while the anchor was aweigh .
The builders of raceways believe that one good turn deserves another .
Beats me why anyone would want to be a masochist .
OLD SALESMEN never die , they just go out of commission .
OLD FARMERS never die , they just spade away .
He shined a police officer ' s shoes and had a brush with the law .
My name is Dean A college chancellor
In equations with square numbers I can never find the root of the problem .
In parking lots , arguments often start from scratch .
She was only a Farmer ' s daughter , but she was the best little hoer in the county .
OLD PROGRAMMERS never die they just go to bits .
One day my friend asked me , how do you take such good care of your saxophone . I responded with tenor , love and care .
We ' ve taken over the government , Tom cooed
OLD MATHEMATICIANS never die , they just lose some functions .
His qualifications as a math teacher didn ' t add up .
I ' ve never tipped a cow . Then again , one has never served me food .
Cooks have a lot of spice in their lives .
Ms . Earhart ' s loss to aviation could never be ameliorated .
' ' Rowing hurts my hands , ' ' said Tom callously .
Those with scissors shouldn ' t use cutting words .
He was trying to sell me new windows , but his motivations were transparent .
Why did the dairy churn ? The less said , the butter . . .
When the King asked the fool for a joke the fool just shrugged . He was the court gesture .
Old white blood cells lymph around the body .
I bought me some of those new paper shirts . I don ' t like them - they ' re tearable .
Scarecrows are always garden their patch .
Having a rude waiter at an Ethiopian restaurant just adds insult to injera .
Why do archers shoot arrows ? Could it be they are trying to get a point across ?
He became an astronaut and had a blast .
Conjoined twins aren ' t the only twins with special connections .
Officer Jones takes his yearly bath every June . He is a characteristic example of a dirty cop .
When the shocked IRS agent was found guilty of tax evasion he had to take time to collect himself .
She dumped him because of all their lousy dates . After all , whining and dining does get tiresome after a while .
Weather forecasters thinking is sometimes clouded .
Trophy shops often will give customers floss with their purchase to eliminate plaque problems .
The cost of the space program is astronomical .
A gossip is someone with a great sense of rumor .
The journalist went to Greece to see the ancient ruins and is now writing several columns about them .
The little green men told me it was the Dog Star . I told them they can ' t be Sirius .
OLD STATUES never die they just get busted .
An unemployed logger is a would worker .
He was a janitor in the restaurant . He did things under the table .
I can ' t budge this huge box ! ' ' I exclaimed . ' ' Of course not , ' ' the office supply warehouse clerk replied , ' ' it ' s stationery . ' ' .
After the lawyer flushed the toilet , it went to the suer .
' ' This is the most common language used on micros , ' ' said Tom basically .
Illusionists always find themselves in tricky situations .
You decide what kind of light bulbs to buy by a process of illumination .
My name is Dick . I ' m a plain - clothes policeman .
I ' m taking this ship back into harbor , Tom reported .
We offer counsel so you are not audited on your final return .
What are you taking pictures of ? Tom snapped .
OLD POLITICIANS never die , they just harangue in there .
Car salesmen compete trying to sell for the lease amount .
Mourning has broken on Easter Sunday .
Mr . Coffee returns from Soviet Russia : ' ' I have seen the future and it perks ' '
How do I handle change ? I put it in the parking meter .
The general started bowling before his aide had entered his name on the score sheet . He had launched a pre - emptive strike .
They hid from the gunman in a sauna where they could sweat it out .
OLD SCOTSMEN never die , but they can be kilt .
OLD GARDENERS never die they are just deflowered .
Studying fungus is a way to mold young minds .
I know road rage is an awful thing but when someone bumped my car I just couldn ' t help it . I got out my camera and snapped at the offender .
Working in the bakery left her with a loathe of bread .
Did you hear about these new reversible jackets ? I ' m excited to see how they turn out .
Marriage is hard but divorce usually goes off without a hitch .
Those who work on reducing auto emissions go home exhausted .
I need to go on a diet , said Tom wastefully .
The model who joined the air force was a bombshell .
Authors can be very PENsive .
OLD STATISTICIANS never die , they just average out .
The passenger couldn ' t find where his next flight was , but then he made the connection .
I might study something at a university that someone once told me about - there is a degree of ambiguity there .
He hates his job selling used cars , but it ' s just his lot in life .
The king never let any of his personal musicians go swimming immediately after eating for fear that they would get minstrel cramps .
I ' ve made up my mind to re - lay my lawn . It was a turf decision .
OLD PHOTOGRAPHERS never die they just stop developing .
Old math profs never die - - they just use strange expressions .
A parade of horses went down Mane street .
Victims of bad construction in the orient are ' bamboozled ' .
The man addicted to brake fluid said he could stop any time .
If a judge loves the sound of his own voice , expect a long sentence .
My name is Joe , an espresso vender
I usually take steps to avoid elevators .
My buddy asked me to look after his pet goose while he was away . I told him I wasn ' t down with that .
A hole has been found in the nudist camp wall . The police are looking into it .
Remembering the Mongol leader ' s reputation for chicanery , Marco Polo approached the palace of the khan warily .
Sign on an electrician ' s truck : Let us remove your shorts .
If an actress has a screaming role , can we say she eeks out a living ?
Soon after he joined the band , the guitarist was instrumental .
The other day I held the door open for a clown . I thought it was a nice jester .
Bees make money by celling their honey .
The man who worked in the gum factory fell in a vat of bubblegum . His boss had to chew him out .
Giving praise is when you let off esteem .
Some music stores are in a CD part of town .
I hear the Sylvester Stallone Film Festival got off to a rocky start .
People in medieval days were always hanging out by the gallows .
Anxious about the future ? Psalms read every Sunday .
OLD PACIFISTS never die they just go to peaces .
A baseball pitcher asked if he had a good curve ball , but wanted a straight answer .
He wanted desperately to be a good golfer - you could say he had a driving ambition .
' ' I won ' t finish in fifth place , ' ' Tom held forth .
A butcher was trying so hard to be funny , but he just wasn ' t making the cut .
A contest held by fire fighters is called a ' match ' .
She was only a Catcher ' s daughter , but she had many balls bounce off her chin .
His day job was astronomy but at night time he was moonlighting .
For greeting card companies their fate is in the cards .
Backups are usually a good thing unless it ' s a sewer .
The cosmetic student was sick on the day of the final exam . Now she has to take a Make Up exam .
The stink bomb tossed at the standup comics ' convention quickly emptied the place out ; when the smoke cleared , not a wit of them remained .
OLD PRINTERS never die they ' re just not the type
OLD WATCHMAKERS never die , they just unwind .
Don’t let adversity get you down unless you are on your knees
Freud could barely repress his excitement .
OLD VIOLINISTS never die , they just become unstrung .
Her decision to take up rock climbing was precipitous to say the least .
When the Pequod with its crew went down , Ishmael remembered , a great wail came up from the sea .
For children to eat without washing their hands would be a grime .
Cane sugar can ' t be beet .
I just got back from a statistical probability conference . It was average .
' ' I will now demonstrate how to dissect a sheep , ' ' delivered Tom .
The man leaned on the printer cartridge because he wanted to tone up his abs .
Sign at a place where you lose weight : ' Stop Look and Lessen ' .
Is coffee your daily grind ?
Q : River Ravi flows in which state ? A : Liquid .
Did you hear about the man who was jabbed in the back with a set of keys ? His back locked up .
I try wearing tight jeans , but I can never pull it off .
OLD CHINESE COOKS never die , they just wok away
My friend ' s bakery burned down last night . Now his business is toast .
Let ' s get married , said Tom engagingly .
Doctor , Doctor I feel like a pair of curtains - Well pull yourself together then . Next .
Our country ' s olympic swimming program has quite a talent pool .
Pick your friends , but not to pieces
When I went to the International Club , I accidentally spilled coffee on a Hindu lady ' s dress . I told her I was very sari .
I could not pull out of my parking space , so I used my back up plan .
Set your drink on a skateboard , they make good coasters .
OLD ACADEMICIANS never die , they just lose their faculties
She was only a Swimmer ' s daughter , but she knew every dive in town . .
OLD CASHIERS never die they just check out .
If you ' re stiff as a board it could be the lumbar .
Figure skaters don ' t like to be in a rut .
A pickle maker fell into one of the vats at work . At hospital it was determined he had a brine injury .
OLD GROCERS never die , they just get shelved .
Abstinence makes the heart grow fonder
An unusual medical book is one which has no appendix .
I never understood why people liked to play soft ball . It ' s a very underhanded thing to do .
OLD PILOTS never die they just go to a higher plane .
She was only a Dairyman ' s daughter , but what a calf
Someone who sells old chess pieces is a pawn broker .
A boiled egg is hard to beat .
The stern pirate captain ' s policy of forcing the worst members of his crew to walk the plank went swimmingly .
No matter how much you push the envelope , it ' ll still be stationery .
I ' ve been listening to the Brandenberg Concertos , Tom barked .
' ' I wish I had something to write with , ' ' Tom said pensively .
Environmentalist : expert in computer operating systems .
I ' d like to be a Chinese laborer , said Tom coolly .
The Keystone Kops were frequently criticized for excessive use of farce .
OLD PLANETS never die , they just lose their attraction .
The best way to stop a charging bull is to take away his credit card .
When the proposal was made to locate the governor ' s mansion in Albany , New Yorkers said , ' ' That ' s a capitol idea . ' '
My dog has a lot of potential , you just have to unleash it .
Try our Sundays , they ’ re better than Baskin Robbins
The boxer ' s girlfriend was a knockout .
' ' She even flies her own jet , ' ' Tom leered .
The local baker was paying his staff based on a flourly rate .
Can honeybee abuse lead to a sting operation ?
' ' I haven ' t had my photographs developed yet , ' ' said Tom negatively .
An exterminator in Idaho announced that he invented a new spray , one application of which will remain effective for a full season . ' ' Of course , ' ' he warned . ' ' I ' ve still got a few bugs to iron out . ' '
A cat that swallowed a ball of wool had mittens .
A politician with a bad back needs lots of support .
Reported sightings of the abominable snowman are yeti to be confirmed .
I got a nasty electric shock the other day , but I wasn ' t phased .
There are a lot of bakeries on the yeast coast .
I saw a beaver movie last night , it was the best dam movie I ' ve ever seen .
Getting your driver ' s license is a right of passage .
Getting soap in your eyes is no lathering matter .
There’s no high like the most high .
It was an emotional wedding . Even the cake was in tiers .
I met a girl at an internet cafe , but we didn ' t click .
Show me a baker who is on a roll and I ' ll show you someone sitting on a bun .
This fowl has been stuffed , said Tom sagely .
Isn ' t the Grand Canyon just gorges ?
A girl and her boyfriend went to a party as a barcode . They were an item .
A sign at a cemetery reads , ' No Trespassing , Violators Will Face Grave Charges ' .
When the artist tried to draw a cube he had a mental block .
Doctor , doctor , I keep thinking I ' m a billiard ball . - Get back in the queue . Next .
Fishers often wet their appetite .
A student limped into class with a lame excuse .
I ' ve caught Moby Dick ! Tom wailed .
As to how to play snooker , some people don ' t have a cue .
OLD NITPICKERS never die , they just feel lousy .
Psychiatrists like Kentucky Freud Chicken .
OLD HAIRDRESSERS never dye . . . or cut .
The cheap eye surgeon was always cutting corneas .
Beautifully manicured lawns are highly sod after .
OLD PICKPOCKETS never die , they just steal away .
If you ride a bus you have to pay your fare share .
A group of physicists is called a nucleus .